{"id": "6_CCutkM11g", "title": "$100M Money Models Live Launch", "uploadDate": "2025-08-16T18:57:52-07:00", "duration": 25269, "views": 1191350, "uploader": "Alex Hormozi", "uploaderUrl": "/channel/UCUyDOdBWhC1MCxEjC46d-zw", "description": "Download your free scaling roadmap here: <a href=\"https://www.acquisition.com/roadmap?el=yt-alex-main-365f434375746b4d313167-scaling-roadmap-lead&amp;htrafficsource=youtube&amp;utm_source=youtube&amp;utm_medium=alex-main&amp;utm_campaign=6_CCutkM11g&amp;utm_content=scaling-roadmap-lead\">https://www.acquisition.com/roadmap?e...</a><br><br><a href=\"https://go.acq.com/\">https://go.acq.com</a> to see the most insane offer I&apos;ve ever made.<br>Which goes away forever this Monday 8/18 at 11:59PM PST.<br><br>This was the Official $100M Money Models Virtual Live Book Launch Event.<br><br>If you’re new to my channel, my name is Alex Hormozi. I’m the founder and managing partner of Acquisition.com. It’s a family office, which is just a formal way of saying we invest our own money into companies. Our 10 portfolio companies bring in over $250,000,000+ per year. Our ownership stake varies between 20% and 100% of them. Given this is a YT channel, and anyone can claim anything, I’ll give you some stuff you can google to verify below.<br><br>How I got here…<br><br>21: Graduated Vanderbilt in 3 years Magna Cum Laude, and took a fancy consulting job.<br>23 yrs old: Left my fancy consulting job to start a business (a gym).<br>24 yrs old: Opened 5 gym locations.<br>26 yrs old: Closed down 6th gym. Lost everything. <br>26 yrs old: Got back to launching gyms (launched 33). Then, lost everything for a 2nd time. <br>26 yrs old: In desperation, started licensing model as a hail mary. It worked. <b"}

[0:00] I'm Alexi and welcome to my $100 million Money Models book launch event and we're going to try and break not one but two world records together here live. So, I've got the Guinness judges right here. Britney, I want you to come on out. Britney's going to make sure that we check boxes and do the things to uh make this legit. Thank you so much, Britney. We all Thank you. Um so, it's going to be a wild ride. Uh, and you guys are going to want to buckle up because it's gonna get exciting. Now, if you're anything like me, you know that businesses need money to grow. So, I'm going to show you the art of getting more customers to spend more money in less time again and again. But, I want to warn you, this isn't a promise you're become rich, fabulous, or fabulously rich or get any other result. Everyone is different. Scaling your business, like everything else in life worth doing, involves risk. And most people do nothing at all. So, your results will vary. So, if you see text like this at the bottom of the screen, 
[1:01] it's there to remind you of that fact. And that's why I make free content every day to help you, the entrepreneur, to scale your business and make your results as good as I reliably can. And in the spirit of that, this is the biggest free book launch event to help entrepreneurs and business owners I've ever put on, and maybe the biggest one in history. We'll see. But I'm no saint. I want to make money just like you. And I do all this so I can someday invest in your company and scale it because scaling companies like yours by installing new money models is how I make my money. Just to give you an idea, let me tell you something insane. I sold three companies I started as a kid. Two of them at $46.2 million in an allcash deal to American Pacific Group. And then I took that money and invested it in new companies which I've since scaled under our holding company Acquisition.com. For context, the businesses in Acquisition.com portfolio did in aggregate over $250 million in revenue in 2024. To give you an idea, if Acquisition.com were a publicly traded company today, 
[2:03] it'd be in the top 15% of all 51,000 publicly traded companies when we use net income as a measuring stick. So me saying this may create envy in some, anger in others, skepticism in most, and confusion in old people, inspire a select few. And you, the entrepreneur, the business owner, are who I made these money models for. It's also why my wife and I made it our mission to make real business education accessible for everyone. Cool. Great. Now you're all caught up. But you're not here for my story. You're here to take the next step in yours. So here's what I'll show you today. how good money models get more customers to spend more money in less time over and over again. And when that happens, your business scales as fast as you can handle. That said, money models work for marketing agencies, online businesses, real estate, financial services, insurance, home services, local business, consumer services, automotive, healthcare, software, e-learning, e-commerce, and anything that sells stuff to anyone. And I know they work because of two inarguable 
[3:03] truths. One, I know they work because I use them in our portfolio companies today, which include financial services, business services, consumer services, local businesses, software, e-commerce, and more. And two, no matter how complex a money model looks, there's only four types of stuff you can sell. Software, information, services, and physical products. And money models work in all of them, which if your business sells stuff, includes yours. So, I've used money models my whole life. They got me to where I am. Everything I've accomplished, I have a money model to thank for it. So, I know this works from experience and not theory. So, I'm going to deliver for two types of people today. Number one, the up andcoming entrepreneurs need to put on your oxygen mask and take care of yourself and your family first. I promise you, I will help you get closer to that today for free. Period. So, you're going to want to stay until the end because I'm going to deliver on that big time. You have my word. And then second, the business owners, the players, the money makers. I'm going 
[4:04] to make it in your best interest to help me help everyone else. And if you decide to join me, I'll show you how we can accomplish both our goals together. So, here's what we're going to cover in our short time together today. Number one, what you're going to get from being here. Number two, what kills 82% of businesses. As much as I'd love to say it's lack of hard work, it's not that. Number three, the one thing that makes a business impossible to kill. and number four, how to apply it to your business today. So, let's start with the first, what you're gonna get for being here. So, let's start by addressing the elephant in the room. Am I really going to give everyone here who's live a secret project I've been working on for four years that's better than an NFT and less than a Bitcoin? Yes, a thousand% yes. And every single person here live today will get one for free. But I can't tell you what it is yet. You'll have to stay and find out. But just so you know, it's legit. This is something that I will sell. And at the end of this live stream, I'll tell you how to get it for free. So, watch out for that. Now, to the main event. 
[5:06] I'd never expect you to take my word for how powerful money models are. I want to prove it to you. So, without further ado, $100 million money models, how to make money. So, let me explain. I'm a big believer in proof. Anyone can make promises. Very few people have proof. And every book I've written to this point, I kept proof front and center. To do that, I make sure each of my books walks their talk. So they not only tell you what to do, but they also prove what amazing things can happen if you do it. For offers, I posted and ghosted. No fanfare, no launch, no nothing. But the book answered the question, "What do I sell?" Answer: Offer so good people feel stupid saying no. It proved it could answer that question by demonstrating the concept it outlined, creating a grand slam offer. It had a rock bottom introductory price. It included a free course with higher quality stuff than most people's paid stuff with no strings attached, not even an opt-in. Truly available to anyone and everyone. It was 
[6:08] high value. $100 million offers has what I describe as a high price to value discrepancy. In other words, you got way more than you paid for. So, $100 million offers grown word of mouth. Those are the actual sales. And four years later, it's still a bestseller across multiple categories. That's as of August 25 with 26,000 five-star reviews, which today millions have watched, read, or listen to. All of this undeniable proof that the ideas, principles, and tactics work. And so, after releasing that book in July of 2021, I immediately got to work on my next book to answer the next question. Who do I sell my offer to? answer. Leads, aka the strangers who want to buy your stuff. But there was a problem. I'd successfully advertised my whole life, but I just didn't have enough proof in modern-day social media. So, I used the next 24 months for one thing, proof. Proof that the stuff that I show in $100 million leads actually works to get leads today in the real world and it could work for you, too. 
[7:09] So, I applied only the principles and tactics and $100 million leads to grow my audience from just a handful of customers and friends to over 5 million plus people. And so, this is where I started on YouTube. This was 24 months later. This is where I started my podcast. This 24 months later, but the point is this. This massive growth resulted in 463,167 registrations for the leads launch and breaking the internet. All through direct application of the $100 million leads principles, proving you can use them to advertise anything to anyone at scale. And two years later, thanks to $100 leads, I've gone from 5 million person audience to a 13 plus person audience again. So I use all the principles in this book because they clearly still work. So not only did my own growth prove the book worked, but the mega launch made it undeniable. But something was still missing. Because even if you have the thing to sell offers and the people to sell it to 
[8:09] leads, you still have another question to answer. How do you get them to give you money and ideally as much as possible as as fast as possible over and over again? Answer: I want a $100 million money model. But like the other two books, I still needed proof. a way to prove the concepts inside the book undeniably work. So, here's my undeniable proof $100 million money models work. We've sold more books before this launch than we sold in the entire launch last time. And we haven't even released it yet. So, now you know I won't publish a book until the book itself serves as its own undeniable proof. That way, you don't have to guess if it's going to work. You can know. And if you wanted even more proof, Judge Britney, how how many people do we peek out so far? >> 113,000. >> 113,000. 
[9:10] Not bad. So, if proof that installing a $100 million money model into a business can help it generate more cash flow is what you're going to get here today, the next thing to figure out is how to scale it. But instead of asking how do we scale a business to get the most efficient answer we can use what Uncle Charlie taught us inversion and ask how do we kill one? So that's what we'll cover next. What kills 82% of businesses. So when we ask how do we kill a business besides giving up? Obviously there's only one thing. You run out of money. According to a study by US Bank, a source I trust given they have billions of dollars on the line, 82% of businesses fail due to poor cash flow, said differently, "If you've got no money, you've got no business. You can't even pay annual filing fees to keep your business open without money." So, here's something you probably didn't know. What percent of B businesses do you think lose money every year? 10%. 15% 18%. 
[10:12] Not even close. Try three times that. According to the Federal Reserve, 54% of businesses lose money or break even every year. That means you work 80our weeks year round to miss restful weekends, holidays, school plays, family dinners, birthdays, nights out, all to take on more risk than any person reasonably should and end up poor than you started. And it shouldn't be that way. But then you might think, well, the other 46% must be balling. Guess again. Of the 46% that make any money at all, what do you think they're taking home? Well, if you listen to Instagram, you think everyone's a millionaire, obviously. Nope. What about 250 grand a year? 100 grand a year? 74,000 a year? Just the median income of US household? Nope. According to the 2024 Census Bureau data, the median income listed on tax returns for a business owner is, drum roll please, $48,000 a year. 
[11:13] just a fraction more than San Francisco's minimum wage. All to get sued, stolen from, and called the bad guy for trying to make it on your own. And that's a problem. And that's what I'm going to help solve today. And even if you're doing well, everything I'm about to share will just help you scale faster. All right. Now, all of this together tells us one thing. If you own a business, then at some point, no matter how hard you work, you'll likely have times where you lose money trying to get and serve new customers. In other words, you spend more money on customers than they spend on you. That's a big problem because if you do that long enough, your business will die. Which brings us to point three. The one thing that makes a business impossible to kill. So, we've hit a fork in the road. Either option one, be like most businesses and be limited by cash flow to grow. Or option two, get paid a lot fast on repeat and grow as much as you darn well please. A $100 million money model is option two. $100 million money models use a big fancy equation that looks like this, 
[12:13] which says 30-day gross profit is greater than two times cost of acquiring customer plus cost of goods sold or CAC plus COGS. And that's big and fancy, but in the real world, it just starts with an offer. An offer is a problem you solve for customers in exchange for money. A money model is a sequence of offers. A $100 million money model is a sequence of offers that make customers spend twice as much on you as you do on them in 30 days or less. And when you do that, you remove cash as a limiter for growth. To do this, $100 money models use four powerful mechanisms. Attraction offers, which get people to buy, which means more cash up front. Upsell offers, which get them to spend more, which means even more cash up front. downell offers, which get them to buy something if they say no, which results in more cash upfront, or continuity offers, which get them to buy repeatedly, which results in more cash over time. End result, more cash flow from more customers in less 
[13:14] time. A $100 million money model. And cash flow is the key. It's the only thing that guarantees you can stay in business. So, let me prove it to you. What do JP Morgan, GE, Ford, AMX, Coca-Cola, 3M all have in common? They're all over a hundred years old, which they could only get to by surviving the hardest times and biggest economic shifts in modern history. Things that killed most businesses. They survived World War I, World War II, the Great Depression, the advent of the radio, the advent of the television, the advent of the computer, the aven of social media. And they were only able to survive because they had cash flow, because they had a better money model. In other words, they kept making money. So if they could survive all that, then it shows us good money models make bad leads, bad customers, bad reviews, bad hires, bad lawsuits, bad economies, and 
[14:14] everything else that kills businesses like yours and mine a walk in the park. said differently, "Many business owners do everything right except for the one thing that keeps businesses going and growing, making money." In other words, they've got broken money models, which makes all their focus on everything else in their business the same as obsessing over the aerodynamics of a car when in reality, the engine doesn't even start. So, if cash flow is the most important thing and a money model is the most powerful way to increase it, how do we make a good one? Well, you build a hundred million $100 million money model. So, here's what it looks like when it's right. If you make more offers and more people buy them, you make more money. If you make more money, you can use it to get more customers. If that money comes faster, the faster you can get even more customers. But what if you make your customers twice as valuable? You get twice as many of them, and they pay you 
[15:16] at twice the speed. Answer: Your business grows eight times as fast. But what if you make your customers three times as valuable, get three times as many of them, and they pay you at three times the speed? Your business grows 27 times as fast. A $100 million money model is how my gym scaled from zero to six locations in three years as a 22-year-old. It's how Jim Launch, my second company, scaled from 380,000 a month to 2.2 million a month in 12 months. It's how Prestige Labs, my third company, went from 270,000 a month to 1.6 million a month in 6 months. A $100 million money model is how Allen, my fourth company, went from 50,000 a month to 1.3 million a month in 6 months. And this was all before I had a personal brand. With a $100 million money model, you can get really big, really profitable really fast without starting with loads of money or followers and all with just a few tweaks. And that's the concept I'll illustrate the rest of our time together. That being said, let me show 
[16:18] you what happens to a normal business when you add in a $100 million money model. So that what makes that's what makes a business impossible to kill. Now we get into applying it to your business today. So the purpose of this section is to show you two things. Number one, money model mechanisms work for any business because there's only four ways to sell and they work in all of them. And then second, one money model mechanism is all you need to get amazing results. So before you think to yourself, I'm not sure this concept applies to my business, which I call special snowflake itis. And you should get that looked at. There's only four ways to sell stuff. You have in person, you have online, you've got with the salesman, and you've got selfch checkckout or on your own, which then give us salesman in person, salesman online, selfch checkckout in person, selfch checkout online. So, really quickly, identify which one you are. Number one, number two, number three, or number four. Can you drop this in the chat? One, two, three, or four. Which 
[17:19] one you are right now? Drop it in. All right. Great. ones, twos, threes, fours. There we go. All right. Which means that your business can scale using a money model. So that's number one. Check. Now we move on to number two. One money model mechanism is all you need to get amazing results. As a reminder, here are the four. Attraction offers, which get people to buy. Upsell offers, which get them to buy more. Downell offers, which get them to buy something if they say no. or continuity offers which get them to buy repeatedly. Now, let me prove it to you in the real world. Let's break down a consumer service money model with a salesman in person. So, if you sell in person, put one in the chat. I saw a bunch of the ones. This is for you guys. All right, inerson sales people, inerson business owners, this is for you. Now, let me tell you about my first good money model. My gym grew because I changed my attraction offer to get new customers. So, here's most gyms bad 
[18:21] money model. So, they do a free trial into a gym membership. So, here's how that works. So, they spend a hundred bucks to get one free trial. It takes three trials to get one $100 per month paying member, which means it costs $300 per paid member who pays $100 a month, which means it takes three months to break even. But many members quit in four. So, here's how $100 million money model fixed it. This is my $100 million gym money model. Win your money back into gym membership. So, I spend the same $100 to get a customer instead of a trial. The customer spends $500 upfront with a win your money back offer, which works like this. You set a goal for the customer and tell them how to reach it. If they reach it, then they qualify to get their money back or get it back as store credit. After they win their money back as store credit, I make a special continuity offer to get them to buy again. result. I make way more cash flow than the bad model within 30 days. The cash 
[19:23] let me scale to six locations in three years as a kid in my 20s. The money model works so well I could fill new locations with paying members before they opened. I went from sleeping on the floor to six-pack locations and then eventually licensed the model to thousands of gyms. But here's the bottom line. Both gyms, the free trial gym or the win your moneyback gym, deliver the same service, use the same equipment, have access to the same trainers, sell the same types of memberships, but one makes way more, the one with the better money model. So, there might not be anything wrong with your business. You might just have something wrong with your money model. So, that was a consumer service money model with the salesman in person. This time we'll do a B2B service money model with a salesman online. So that includes DMs, uh DM selling, uh email selling, uh phone sales, Zoom sales, any other digital sales that you have a salesperson behind it, getting people to buy stuff. So let me tell you about my second $100 million money model. So if 
[20:23] you do sell online or over the phone, put a two in the chat because this one's for you. All right. All right. Yeah, we got a lot of twos. All right. Heard. So, Gym Launch got customers easily because my attraction offer worked. But getting people to buy continuity was hard. They had no reason to buy my next thing once I'd already gotten them tons of leads. So, here was my mediocre money model. I sold a $16,000 launch package. That's it. So, I spent money get them on the phone. It took three calls to sell a new customer, but then they wouldn't buy my next continuity offer. So, they'd leave and I would be sad. So every week I had to start from zero to make payroll. Stressful. And so here's how $100 million Money Model fixed it. On one sales call, I desperately needed to close. And so I unknowingly made a new offer that I now call a continuity bonus offer. So here's how it works. You give the customer an awesome thing for free if they join continuity. Typically the bonus itself has more value than the first payment. 
[21:26] And it crushed. So people started taking my continuity bonus offer and instead of leaving they bought something at three times the price and so my continuity started stacking and stacking. You can see the exact moment I nail the money model right there. Like you can see it was kind of flat and then boom and then we went from 380,000 a month to 1.76 million in six months. And this is how I filled up a room like this with people paying $42,000 a year. And then 12 weeks later, a room like this. And then a quarter or so later, a room like this. And then a quarter or so after that, a room like this. Look at the timeline between the pictures. December of 17, March of 18, August of 18, February of 19. We scaled big fast in a small niche and beat our competition and then sold a private equity. And the main reason is this. Just look at the numbers. The difference the continuity offer made to 
[22:26] LTV was huge. You can see it in the purple at the bottom. Imagine changing your offer mechanism and seeing that kind of increase without it costing you any more to get customers. The key point is this. We sold the same stuff in both scenarios, the same core service, but a better money model changed the business. And once I nailed my continuity bonus mechanism, Jim's bought and stuck. but they didn't have my entire money model down. That led me to my next $100 million money model. So, that was a B2B service business with online sales. This time, we'll do a business to consumer business with a selfch checkckout in person. Right? So, if you sell people where they check out in person, drop a three in the chat. This is especially for my retail folks. All right. So, I had all these gyms relying on me. ad costs were going up and they needed more money to afford ads or they stopped getting customers. The kiss of death for 
[23:27] them and me. So to cover my ad costs in my gyms, I upsold supplements. That's how I could outspend my competition. So I figured I'd teach gyms to upsell supplements. That makes sense. And I figured if I was going to do that, then they might as well be mine. And so Prestige Labs was born. So gyms bought in, but their customers weren't buying from them. A problem. So, it was only after I taught my four-part menu upsell mechanism where you unsell what they don't need, prescribe what they do need, ask if they prefer A or B, then make it easy to pay that it started working and customers started buying. Sales went from 270,000 a month. Watch this one to 1.6 million a month in two months, eight weeks. You can see the moment when the menu upsell kicked in. And I'm not saying this is going to happen for you. That's not my point here, but I'm saying that when you can nail the money model, it can change everything. And so once they had a better money model, it all clicked. And the key point 
[24:29] is this. They literally sold the same product, the same exact jars of protein and preworkouts. They sold the same thing, but with a better money model, they made more money. And now with my menu upsell offer mechanism, gyms could afford leads again. And during COVID, having the supplement revenue line kept many lights on and households fed. We demonstrated that despite going through hard times, which co for gyms was very hard, a $100 million money model could still generate strong cash flow. And that's one of the only reasons I was able to sell a gym company to private equity during COVID. Think about that. So, that was an in-person selfch checkckout money model. This time we'll do an online checkout money model. So if you sell through online checkout, drop a four in the chat. So that's you know someone buys whether it's software, information, physical product, whatever it is that they can click and then buy. All right, we got some fours. We got some fours. All right, sweet. So after I 
[25:31] taken out distributions and gotten paid from the sale of both companies, I started making content to attract companies to ACQ and waited for my next big money model. And that's when school came along. School's a platform that helps anyone build monetizable communities online. You can live stream one to many, host client calls, have inerson meetups, have one-time sales, host competitions, have unlimited pricing tiers, create lifetime deals, free trials, free groups, paid groups, private groups, process payments, all in one place. But here was the money model when we started. 14 days free, then $99 a month. School grew with free trials, hit a million users, but it took three years. So, we made a new attraction offer. We added the school games which had competition, rewards, and fun. And users exploded. We went from 1 million users to 15 plus million users in 18 months. That's 83,000 new users a month to 775,000 
[26:31] new users a month. That's three and a half times faster growth. Just look at the difference between these two graphs. And here's the best part. This new money model made school cash flow positive. Completely unheard of for a platform at this scale growing this fast. It freed up cash to invest even more into the product and make school 10 times better. So that takes us up to present day and shows that money models work in all four ways to sell, including the way you sell, and shows us one of each attraction, upsell, downell, and continuity offer mechanisms. And normally that would be enough, but we're all here. So that brings me to my last $100 million money model, the book launch event itself, which is one of these. And number four, selfch checkckout online. A free book launch like this costs millions to put on and let everyone know so they can show up also costs millions. 
[27:33] But instead of losing millions, I built a money model that used pre-orders with various money model mechanisms to both make this event free and have the funds to let everyone know about it. So let me show you what we did to demonstrate the ideas of the book with the book. So, instead of just releasing a book, we offered a free event. Y'all are here now. Plus, for anyone who registered, we offered VIP status if you pre-ordered by offering you more value for the same price than if you waited. Way more value. Lots and lots more value. This is called a pay less now or pay more later mechanism. After that, I offer two hard copies of my ACQ handbooks free if you bought 15 more copies, which is a buy X, get Y free offer, which I use in at least seven different ways. More on that later. So, here's what happened. Day one, I spent $22,000 and got $34,000 back. Day two, I spent $26,000 and got $38,000 
[28:34] back. Day three, I spent $21,000 and got $49,000 back. But here's the important part. On top of that, we got 13,184 folks to find out about this event for free. So, we just kept doubling down using house money to scale this all the way up. And so, the bottom line is this. We spent four million plus dollars on advertising and got 6.47 whatever 6 point whatever 6 and a.5 million back. So, even though this cost millions to do, I didn't need millions to do it. And this is like this is the key point here. Look at the beginning spend. I didn't drop $4 million day one. As long as you can make more back and keep recycling it through, that's what makes this magical. All I needed was a $100 million money model. After that, the launch funds itself. Once a money model works, it's kind of like playing with house money at the 
[29:35] casino, right? This is how I scaled my gyms fast, even though I started at 22 with very little. This is how when I lost everything twice, I was able to get it back so fast. You just need enough to get that first customer. And then after that, you double down. You set up a $100 million money model to create cash flow to grow, and then get out of the way because there's only four ways to sell stuff, and money models work in all four. And when you build a business with a $100 money model, you can spend as much as you want to get people to find out about your stuff because you have the cash flow to do it if you do it well. Of course, it takes skill and time. My results are from both. Yours will differ, right? But given the size of this event now, you know it works at any scale in any industry at any price. So, as long as a business sells something, there's a money model that scales it. That's how powerful it is. Yes. including your business. You who are here with me right now. These are the skills that have been most valuable in my life. So, if you're 
[30:35] anything like me, they're definitely skills worth learning, and I want to transfer them to you to the best of my ability. So, here's what we covered so far. Cash flow is the only thing a business needs to survive. If each customer pays for two more, you remove cash as a limiter for growth. A $100 million money model is a sequence of offers engineered to get customers to pay for two more. The four money model mechanisms are attraction, upsell, downell, and continuity. There's only four ways to sell stuff. Online, selfch checkckout, online with salesperson, in person with selfch checkckout, in person with a salesperson. 100 million money models work for all businesses. Brickandmortar, B2B, consumer services, online businesses, SAS, and physical products. and what 100 million money models made its own launch profitable using its own concepts before it was even released. Can you see how a better money model getting more customers to spend more money in less time over and over again can unlock the growth you want? Can you see how having a better money model helps you grow on your own without 
[31:37] taking on bad debts, lame investors, or terrible partners? Can you see how a stronger money model can help you weather the bad storms, bad hires, and inevitable bad economies to come? Can you see how mastering money models can change your entire business or life without changing your product or delivery? Can you see how your business, big or small, online or in person, with salespeople or without, can use 100 money model to scale? In short, can you see why building the best money model possible is a skill worth having? And this skill may just be the bridge between where you are and wherever you want to go. At least it has been for me. So, let me ask you a question. Who here would like to master this skill? If so, drop a rocket in the chat. It's a rocket emoji, if you will. Thank you for spelling spelling rocket out. Yes, for dropping rocket in the chat. Great. Now, to be clear, people don't fly out to my headquarters or ask us to invest 
[32:37] in their business because they think I understand HVAC, plumbing, insurance, lawn care, coding, hair saloning, legaling, or their business in any way better than them. They come because I understand the mechanisms of making money and how to combine them in the right order. In other words, they come because I know how to build money models. So, the result of implementing these skills every day for more than 13 years, the best of what I know about generating hundreds of millions a year through acquisition.com. What took me from gym floor to doing very cool stuff like this. It's with great pride that I introduced to you the $100 money model system. With this system, you have the opportunity to wield, chain, stack, and combine all 15 money model mechanisms with devastating effect. With the $100 million money model system, you can learn to master monetization. You'll have access to the tools that I personally use to transform businesses like yours and mine into cash flow machines. To have the cash flows to buy yourself the time, the talent, and the 
[33:39] advertising to scale. 100% money is the most how-to system I've ever made. And judging by the world record we just unofficially broke in the beginning, possibly ever made. So, here's the first thing you get in the $100 money model system. Convert strangers into first-time buyers with attraction accelerator. If you're someone who doesn't get enough replies or optins, or your web pages don't convert, or people don't trust you enough to buy from your content, or your leads just cost too much, then pay attention. This is for you. So, remember how I scaled to six locations? I was able to do that with just one attraction offer mechanism. So, here's what they are. An attraction offer is something free or discounted that gets a customer in the door but makes money by getting them to buy something better at a higher price. So, here's why they matter. Without attraction offers, you're stuck competing on price or hoping people randomly find you, which keeps you struggling to grow and scrambling to find customers. So, here's why doing them right is important. Done wrong, you lose money on every customer and go out of business. 
[34:41] Done right, customers pay you more than it costs to get them on day one, giving you unlimited growth potential. So, here's what's inside my five most unique and increasingly powerful attraction mechanisms. Number one, win your money back. With this reverse psychology method, customers pay you full price and then work like maniacs to win their money back. This backwards approach gets insane results, reviews, and referrals. Attraction mechanism number two, giveaways. It's a 7-day formula that puts strangers into buy mode within a week. and using grand prizes the specific way I'll show you floods your business with people who already want your most expensive stuff and are pre-qualified to buy it. Number three, a dummy offer that gets customers to ignore your cheap stuff because they like your expensive stuff even more even though it costs way more than expected. This attraction mechanism makes expensive feel cheap and turns browsers into buyers. Number four, buy X get Y free. a quantity multiplier that gets customers to buy way more than they planned and thank you for it. This 
[35:42] attraction mechanisms turns discount offers into irresistible free offers that get people to buy higher quantities of stuff or months of service on the spot. Number five, pay less now or pay more later. A speed bonus strategy that uses delays to get customers to pay you faster to get a better deal. This early bird strategy gets people to choose your higher value offers right now because the longer they wait, the more they miss out on. Now, even a single attraction mechanism can change your business overnight. Because when you chain, stack, and combine them, you get endless ways to make whatever you sell more attractive without changing what you sell. So, picture this. Tomorrow, without changing anything about what you sell, you wrap your current offer in an attraction mechanism. And suddenly, way more people come out of the woodwork asking to find out more who normally ignore what you have. And when done right, sometimes an attraction mechanism is just one tweak from feeding a business for life. So think about your current leads. Could you get more and make more money from them by nailing just one of these 
[36:42] attraction offer mechanisms? So here's why I was forced to learn this. So the first time I started letting people know about my stuff, I did not have a flood of interest. If anything, people barely cared. It took me years to figure out how to transform something boring to exciting and turn strangers into buyers. That's what attraction offers do. But attraction accelerator came at a high cost. The cost of wasting millions and stupid mistakes enduring an endless stream of painful failures, making thousands of little tweaks that I had to figure out on my own. But above all else, it cost me a decade of my life that you'd have to go through trying to figure out how to perfect each of these mechanisms. Attraction accelerator helps you skip all of that. And so the bottom line is this. a correctly installed attraction offer so valuable you could literally ignore everything I show you and get more paying customers tomorrow. If you do this be the cheapest thing you ever invest in. And given that I charge $15,999 for licensing just one attraction mechanism to business owners. I think 
[37:43] it's reasonable to value a track accelerator that includes not one but all five attraction mechanisms for $15,999. So that's the first thing you get. Now, if you're someone who doesn't get leads to buy enough at high enough prices, or they take multiple conversations to close, or they delay until they never do, then pay attention. This is for you. Turn every sale into an even bigger sale with epic upsells. So, here's why this matters. Attraction mechanisms get customers to make their first purchase. But if you want to maximize cash flow, you need to get them to buy more. So, what's the answer? Epic upsells. So, here's what they are. Upsells are whatever you offer next. Upsell mechanisms involve more better or newer versions of whatever they just bought. And they either solve a problem the earlier purchase reveals or they enhance value. So, here's why doing them right is important. When done wrong, people feel pressured, oversold, and taken advantage of. When done right, people love them and give you more money. Great. So, here's what you're 
[38:43] going to get inside. Epic upsells give you my four mostused mechanisms to turn first-time buyers into bigger spenders. Upsell mechanism number one, classic upsells. A problem reveal method where customers sell themselves on your next offer without you needing to mention it. This upsell mechanism gets customers to realize they need your next thing right after they buy your first thing. Number two, menu upsells. I talked about this briefly earlier. A helpful consultant process that gets customers to realize you're not selling them stuff they don't need. Once you earn this trust, they'll take that next thing that you offer, usually buying way more expensive stuff faster and feeling grateful for it. This thing slays. You have to use it ethically. Number three, anchor upselles. A sticker shock strategy that get customers to happily spend way more than planned. After using it myself, I find customers are relieved to pay way more than they planned because your main thing looks like an incredible deal by comparison. And it is. Number four, rollover upsells. A pay it forward system that turns new customers 
[39:44] into highest your highest paying repeat buyers and gets old customers more excited about your next offer. by getting customers to see a great deal right now. This upsell mechanism gets them to spend more money overall and faster. So, here's why I was forced to figure this out. So, early on, I got rejected a lot. Person after person told me they didn't want what I had. So, I got nervous asking for sales and then I'd freeze up. And I was right to be nervous because my approach sucked and I turned people off. And so, instead, I figured out mechanisms to make upsells not only natural, make it obvious the next offer is worth getting. And I want to save you the hundred of blown sales and millions in trial and error. They work without any real sales skills. You just present them. And so there's a right and a wrong way to do these. And I'll show you the best way. So I sold my supplement sales system for Prestige Labs, which included just one of these mechanisms for $6,000. It helped gyms generate over $23.6 million in verified earnings. That's not revenue. That was their earnings. 
[40:46] And so Epic Upselles gives you all four, which is why I value it conservatively at $5,999. And given these mechanisms work for thousands of businesses, do you think you can get even one more person a month to take an upsell? So here's what you get. You get a traction accelerator valued at $15,999. You get epic upsells valued at $5,999. Total value $21,998. Now, I want to talk to somebody else in the audience. If you're someone who constantly hears no when you're selling, or you do payment plans and you get ghosted, or you push too hard and then sometimes you regret it, or you give out panic discounts to close the sale, or some just give up altogether when you hear no, this is for you. Turn every no into cash flow with dealmaker downells. So, here's why it matters. Attraction mechanisms are for getting the first purchase. Upsell mechanisms are designed to get the next one. But what if people say no? Answer: Dealmaker downells. Downell mechanism activate when customers say no. They're usually a change in payment 
[41:47] structure, quality or quantity, or offer different conditions. Here's why doing them right is important. A proper down mechanism doesn't try to get customers to say yes to something they don't want. It's about getting them to say yes to something else they do. When done wrong, customers don't finish paying, they start haggling, or they don't buy and hate you. Here's what you get inside. Dealmaker downells give you my three simplest, most used, and highest converting mechanisms to turn a no into a yes. And the best part is you can use all three to boost cash flow without any sales skills. I use them in every business I own. And so here's how I use them. Anywhere someone can say no, you can and should install down mechasment and turn into a yes. Down mech is number one, payment plan downells. a cash flow algorithm that steps up, steps down customers from I can't afford it to when can I start without lowering your prices. I'll show you proven payment chunking that maximizes purchases and cash flow. Plus, I'll show you my seessaw technique that makes customers choose between huge cash savings now or 
[42:48] tiny payments later. It's sick. Number two, trial downells. So, this is a skin in the game strategy that turns nos into yeses by letting customers prove to themselves that when they use your stuff as directed, it's worth paying for with a catch. The catch stops stops you from wasting money or time on free tire kickers. This down mechanism gets people to use your product right away, see real results, and then pay for it. This is awesome for beginners. Number three, feature downell. So, this is a custom fitting formula that turns no into yeses by giving customers exactly what they want at a price they can afford. And with my lock and key process, you just change qualities, quantities, or other product options to maximize what they pay for the value they get. So, I'll show you how to balance price versus value to get the most from every deal. I'll give you a hint. It's not a onetoone. So, here's why this exists. Dealmaker downells are cash flow maximizers you've always needed but didn't know existed. They're the real sales secrets you always look for but could never find. And you've probably heard of some or all 
[43:48] of these, right? You might have even tried them. The magic isn't in the concept. It's in the details. It's in the execution. And I'll show you how I've sharpened these after years of testing and combining iterations from different businesses and industries from all over the world. So, this is also crazy to me because these mechanisms are huge for maximizing cash flow. Yet, no one teaches the right time to use them, how to price them, or how to structure them to turn nose into cash flow. That's the difference. Dealmaker downell measures work everywhere. Checkout pages, calls, presentations, or in person. If you sell to humans, they work. I know because I use them in all sales formats at all scales across physical products, services, and digital businesses. So, picture this. A prospect says, "I can't afford $6,000." Instead of losing the sale, you say, "Okay, what if we did 250 a month for 24 months?" And you knew they'd pay. If they actually want your thing, then they'd say, "Yeah, nob brainer." And if every week you turn one no into cash flow, it makes a massive difference at the end of the year. Now turn the tables. Imagine 
[44:50] someone offers you something for $6,000 and you really want it, but cash was tight this month. Then they say, "No worries. Why don't you do 24 payments of $249?" If you wanted it, that would probably make it a no-brainer. So, you do it. The key is knowing when to offer it and how to make sure you get paid. Given we spent $6.5 million of research for a school to master just one of these. Number two, at 1/ 1,000th the cost, this is a steal at $6,499. And given these mechanisms, do you think you can get even one more person per month to take a downell? So, here's what you get. You get attraction accelerator valued at $15,999. You get epic upsells to get people to spend more, valued at $5,999. You get dealmaker downells to turn those nose into cash flow. Valued at $6,499. Total value $28,497. Now, this next one is is for those of you who are living sale to sale, week to week, on the cash flow roller coaster, 
[45:52] and want to make consistent sales. I made this for you. Continuity blueprint, the holy grail of business. So, here's what it is. A continuity mechanism to get customers to keep making payments as long as you keep providing value. When done right, it stacks stable and predictable cash flow that grows automatically. When done wrong, it leads to rapid cancellations that burn your reputation and make you a sitting duck in hard times. To truly maximize your cash flow, you have to stop chasing sales and build a customer base that gets bigger every month. But there's a problem. No one wants another monthly bill. So, here's what you're going to get inside. I'll give you my three favorite continuity mechanisms designed to get people to want to opt into continuity and want to keep paying for continuity over time. So continuity mechanism number one, bonus continuity. So this is a gift wrapping strategy where you give customers something awesome but only if they sign up today. So this continuity mechanism dangles a bonus valuable enough to make customers first month feel better than free. This is how I stacked recurring revenue gym launch. And the way I do it, something I call the sliding scale, you can balance how much cash you collect upfront versus 
[46:54] how much you push into subscriptions. And this is ideal for low cash flow industries. Number two, discount continuity. my free buttwin method that turns discounts into long-term commitments that boost cash flow. The mechanisms has five sub mechanisms depending on the type of thing you sell engineered to get customers to commit for an entire year upfront and stay while making them feel like they're getting a steal and they are. Number three, wave fee continuity. So, this is a penalty avoidance mechanism that incentivizes customers to avoid a big fee by committing long term. Get people to choose commitments over flexibility by making flexibility cost more. The best part, you get to pick the price of flexibility. This works particularly well in any business that takes time and resources to onboard new customers or get customers results. So, I built my fortune on continuity. Gyms, supplements, software subscriptions. Breaking even, getting recurring customers is the holy grail for making a company sellable and valuable. Continuity allowed us to sell all three brands in 2021. 
[47:56] at a $46.2 million valuation. And every business wants recurring revenue, but customers don't want another subscription. These three mechanisms bridge that gap. So, learn from my mistakes. It took me 13 years of trial and error to get recurring revenue stacking month over month. The errors I made cost me millions in profits. Every day you keep making them cost you too. And the worst part with continuity, these costs compound. So, here's what it looks like when it's right. So, picture this. You advertise and instead of losing money getting people in the door and waiting months to recoup it, you break even or better. And each month you invest the extra cash flow of your recurring base into growth. Next month it's more. The month after that even more. That stacking is the power of continuity done right. For context, I sold a continuity system for gyms at 41 41,458 per year. And it only used one of these mechanisms. Inside the continuity blueprint, you'll get all three. So, it's reasonable value this at at least 
[48:56] the same price of $41,458. So, here's what you get. You get attraction accelerator, which includes my five favorite most powerful attraction mechanisms, valued at $15,999. You get epic upsells with four of the most powerful upsell mechanisms that I know in existence to get people to spend more money, valued at $5,999. Then, if the person says no, don't worry. You've got three different trap doors that you can use that I use to turn nose into cash flow, which I value at $6,499. And then finally, if you want to have that growth every month and build that base is the continuity blueprint val,458, total value $69,955. result. You get more customers to spend more money in less time over and over again, resulting in each customer paying for themselves and the next customer, removing your limiter for growth, making your own $100 million money model. Once 
[49:57] you learn how, you'll chain, stack, combine, layer, and sequence every money model mechanism like a monetization engineer. At the core, you do something simple. You find every problem customers have and offer to solve them at the right time, the right place, the right way. Do this and you become a master of monetization. You can instantly make any product more compelling to more people and change nothing about what you deliver, just how they buy and how much they spend when they do. Correctly. Installing even one of these can literally change your life. You don't need to do anything else. Because if business feels hard, you may think the same thing that I did, that you need to change industries or switch businesses. But you really just need to change your money model. Listen, these systems are more valuable than the masterminds that sell for $25,000, $50,000, even $100,000 from gurus who've never even done it and will give you hilariously more value than a four-year degree. But to put this in perspective, if you paid my hourly rate for 101 money 
[50:58] strategy, it would cost you a million dollar a day. And that's not marketer math. That's what I get paid right now. So, if I priced this at what it's worth, 69,955, it would be beyond reasonable for the entire system. And before I tell you the price, let me ask you a question. How much is double your lead flow worth to you? How much is double your cash flow worth to you? How much is double your growth worth to you? Actually, think about it. Like how much is that actually worth to you? Hold that number in your head. If you knew beyond a shadow of a doubt that it would happen, which of course you can't because all business involves risk. My results aren't typical and your results will vary. But if you did, wouldn't it be worth at least that much? Because after 100 mill offers, when 100 mill leads came out, I got zillions of messages of people's lives and businesses being changed. And for all those guys, it would have been worth it 
[51:58] at any price. And that's why the $100 money model system is a bargain at not $69,955, but $29,997. And consider this. If all this did was allow you to start your first business like it did for me, or scale your businesses without followers or cash, or break through your multi-year plateau finally, or save your business from closing like it did for me during co. If all this did was in 24 months give you the skills to launch an event like this, even a hundredth the size, using only what's inside, wouldn't it be worth it? I think so, too. Which is why it's an even bigger bargain at not 2 and $9,997, but $9,997. Because if every week all it does is get you one more customer at twice the value, at twice the speed, it'd be more than worth it. And the best part is you only invest once. You can monetize these skills for the rest of 
[52:58] your life. Which is why skills are always the best investment. Look, if I put my last $1,000 in the S&P 500 in 2016, which returns 9% a year, I'd have $2,400 today. But instead, I invested my last $1,000 in the S&P 500 skills and turn that $1,000 into the business we have now. So, which would you rather have? 9,997 were the business you want, right? Me, too. Which is why this may be the best offer I've ever given at not $9,997, but $5,997. And because I want each of you to 2x, 5x, 10x your growth and business over the next 12 months. And to be clear, I want that for you, but no way guarantee it because most people do nothing. So, results will vary. But I know how life-changing this system has been for my family. And I want this to be affordable for everyone, but still an investment. I'm not going to ask for $69,955, even though it'd be totally reasonable 
[53:59] and a bargain. I'm not going to ask for $29,997. I'm not going to ask for 9,997. I'm not even going to ask for 5,997. And given each book demonstrates the concept inside, it only makes sense that money models be about making money, that I charge something for the system. And I feel a duty to demonstrate how to make offers properly so people don't feel bad about making exceptional products available for purchase. Which is why I'm going to give you access to everything I talked about today. the attraction accelerator, epic upsells, dealmaker downells, continuity blueprint that will show you how to harness all 15 money model mechanisms in your business for three payments of three interestf free payments of 
[55:01] $0. Yes, it's 100% free. It's all yours. It's my way of saying thank you for being a part of this movement. I almost forgot. On top of that, you'll also get the Money Models audio book 100% free. So, you get both the Money Model system and the Money Models audiobook all free. And for those you are here for my promise at the beginning to get something that's better than an NFT and less than a Bitcoin, I've got something else for you here live. Did I say that I wrote just one book since last time? Well, I didn't. I wrote another book in secret. And so it's with great pride that I'd like to present to you the lost chapters. This thing is beautiful. 
[56:10] This tome contains 24 chapters that I couldn't fit in offers, leads, or money models. It includes complex like this and this and this and a zillion more. And this will be for sale for $29.99 after this event. But for everyone here, you can get a free digital copy just for being here live now. So you get the money model system, you get the money models audio book, and the lost chapters all free. That's enough value, right? Yeah. Or is there even more? Because to not just read this stuff, but to actually use it, you're going to need the tools. So, to make sure everyone who wants to start a business can use money models, one of my investment stipulations for school was that when the time was right, we could do three things. Number one, add everything 
[57:12] needed to make money models work into the platform itself, which with the features launching this month, we did. So that's number one. Number two, I wanted to give you enough free time to get going. So instead of 14 days free, you with me here today get not 14 days free, not 30 days free, not 45 days free, not even 60 days free, but 90 days free. And number three, since inception, school's price has been $99 a month. It hasn't changed. But since you're here with me live today, for anyone who stays after the 90 days free, that gives you the time to get going to use this stuff. We drove down the price from $99 a month to only $9 a month for life, 
[58:12] but it's only for this book launch. So, I'm proud to say, and maybe you'll agree with me, that we accomplished all three. We install, you can install the full money model segment into the platform. You have seven times the free time to actually get going. You know, 11 times cheaper price afterwards. So, if you're an upandcoming entrepreneur, this is your free tech starter kit. This is the best head start I can give you. I get it. I was broke. This is the head start I can give you. So, you get the money model system, the money models audiobook, the lost chapters and school, all free and a lifetime lower rate after 90 days for nine bucks. And so, all those will be available Tuesday morning after the launch. So, now at the beginning, I said I was going to help two types of people today. up andcoming entrepreneurs. I promised you I would help you get closer to that 
[59:13] two-day for free period. And I just delivered the money model system free, the money models audiobook free, the lost chapters free, 90 days of school free, and then 11 times lower price after that. Do you feel like I kept my promise? Hey guys, would you um would you mind taking the slides down for a second? So when I started this like thinking of this idea for this book and how I was going to present it to the world, the first thing that I wrote down was kind of just something that I wanted to say and I tried to weave it into the presentation and I I couldn't I couldn't get it to to work the way I wanted to and so I figured maybe I would just read it to you. So hope you guys are are cool with that. So, I could only make this promise because I have a business and I live in a country that allows me to do business. So, I could give this stuff away that 
[60:14] costs me money for free. And I want to tell you why now. So, there's a mission I have here today. I want to show the world that one of us can start from nothing and achieve anything we put our hearts and minds to. So, what do I mean by one of us? I mean the small business, the entrepreneur, entrepreneurs like you, like me, like all of us here together in this moment. We're the ones who together provide the jobs, create and innovate, and fuel the economy, no matter what country we're in. But we also take the most risk. We pay the most taxes. We work the longest hours. We miss more baseball games and dance recital than any other group in the world. And all over the world, there are entrepreneurs, one of us, who are overworked. They're stressed out. They're worried about making payroll, about paying rent. And it shouldn't be like that because you, the entrepreneur, you're the ones who along with your fellow entrepreneurs who sit with you here today, you're the ones who make the world go round. And not a single one of us should have to experience that stress, that 
[61:15] overwhelm, that struggle. Which is why I need your help. So sure, let's scale together, but let's do something more. To quote J.R. Tolken in the Two Towers, there's some good in this world. It's worth fighting for. As you know, our mission has always been to make real business education accessible to everyone. But there's a deeper reason behind that mission and I want to share it with you now. I think that if we can help our fellow entrepreneurs grow their business by even a tiny fraction of percent each, the net effect could literally change the world. And that is the impact I want us to have together. As usual, I don't have a course to sell you. I just gave you all that stuff and more away for free. But I am so committed to helping our people change the world for the better that I do have an amazing gift I'd like to give you. when you help me with this. So, we can all agree that the stuff in this book works. Otherwise, we wouldn't be sitting here today. And if we accept that to be true, then we can also agree that the more businesses there are that have this book, the more we can help, the more we, this community of entrepreneurs, the very backbone of the world, the more we can work together to get 
[62:16] this book into the hands of the people who need it, the more good we'll be doing for everyone. Which is why I'd like to invite you to do something big. So before I tell you what it is to the beginners who just got all that free stuff, are you going to complain if I incentivize the business people to donate a ton of books? Great. Can you guys bring the slides back up? Hundred million dollar men, please bring out my my table. Let's do this. All right. Well, then let's rock and roll. Oh, I need my clicker. There we go. Thank you. Are these guys great? Now, business owners, players, money makers, if you're in the game, I made this for 
[63:17] you. I said I'd show you how it's in your best interest to help me help everyone else and how we can accomplish both our goals together. So, I'm going to ask you to donate 200 books. That's $5,998 in book donations. Then, I'm going to spend the next few minutes explaining why donating 200 books will be the best business decision that you make this year easily. Because two years ago, I'd already written the Money Models book. This is a picture of me at the last launch with the book when I showed it at the end. I'd already recorded the money model's audio. I'd already assembled the money model system, the whole thing. And then I asked myself, if I wanted business owners to help me get these books in the hands of every entrepreneur in America, that's 32 and a half million people, what would be the most valuable thing I could do to incentivize business owners to have them help me make it happen? My answer, working one-on-one with you to implement everything I know into your specific business today. So, I did something crazy, or at least a little unorthodox. 
[64:18] Only weeks after my last book launch, I started inviting business owners out to my headquarters for small private in-person workshops. And hearing that, you might be thinking, for a guy with an international 13 million plus person audience, offering small private in-person workshops using his actual portfolio team might be the dumbest, least scalable model imaginable. And you'd be right if you didn't know why I did it. You see, I started these workshops weeks after the last launch to prepare for this one. And over the last 18 months, we met in person with over 1,026 plus small businesses across all these industries. A lot. And across all these different revenue brackets, also a lot. And I didn't do all these meetings, all these workshops, all these consultations because I thought they were scalable. They're not. I did it all for this moment to get one thing. Data. I wanted to know once and for all the problems you're dealing with right now. What's limiting your growth today? Your bottlenecks at this moment. Everything that's keeping 
[65:19] you up at night. Everything is holding you back. Everything that's keeping you stuck. And after meeting with 1,26 plus businesses in person, we codified everything. And every business's growth was constrained by one of four things. Leads, you can't get enough qualified prospects. sales, you can't convert the prospects you got into customers. Delivery, you can't retain the customers you got long enough or you do in the first three, but your bank account doesn't show it. So, we developed complete systems to fully solve every constraint. Four systems in total. The leads constraint, we solve the lead system, the sales constraint, created the sales system, the delivery constraint, created the delivery system, and the profit constraint, created the profit system. No small task. But here's what makes these systems different from everything else out there. These aren't theories. They're tested solutions. Each developed by working with 1,26 plus real businesses directly. Every system contains the exact processes, scripts, and literal checklists we give our $35,000 plus advisory clients to break through their biggest constraints. And these aren't 
[66:21] digital downloads or PDFs, and they never will be. They're just too valuable. And there's not some login that you'll never use or some file that you'll scroll through and then forget. This had to be a physical implementation system. You're getting something that you can hold, reference, and display on your shelf and implement from something with hard cost and real value. All bound together, organized by system, in one premium binder. Each system contains its own set of playbooks. So, let me show you what's inside. Don't worry, I'll get make it nice and pretty for you. Here we go. Here we go. Boom. 
[67:27] All right. So for the lead system, there's four playbooks. One, two, three, four. For the sales system, there's three playbooks. For the delivery system, there's two playbooks. And for the profit system, there's three playbooks. to solve all codified constraints. And given 1,26 plus business owners just paid $35,000 for just part of one playbook, just part of one of these just part of one that unlocks their specific business constraint. All 12 is $420,000 of real and true have charged for it value. And today, right now, I want to put all 
[68:28] 12 in your hands when you help me put 200 books in the hands of the entrepreneurs who need them. That's $5,998 in book donations. And you're going to want to get them right now at go.acq.com. Now, I've got good news and I've got bad news. The good news is I secured a partnership through a firm to make it affordable to anyone who wants to donate. So even more of you who want to get the playbooks can. And if you qualify through a firm, you can donate books to get everything in your hands for as little as $249 a month interest free. And if you aren't seeing a firm, you can hit the little three dots on the top and then check out as guest. It's also on the bottom. That's if you're already logged into shop Shopify. Anyways, at 249 a month, it comes out to donating two books a week. That's it. And I made donating super easy by hiring and 
[69:28] training 300 plus phone reps to help anyone out who has issues checking out. You'll see their number on any field checkout. Just call and they'll help you. But on top of that, when you support the other entrepreneurs by donating books, you won't have to wait until Tuesday for the free stuff. You'll get access to everything now. Now for the bad news. I only assembled 25,000 of these implementation systems. It's likely we'll sell 25,000 of these implementation systems. Just to put this in perspective, there are 113,000 of you here live. I also plan on emailing my 1.4 million person list with this offer. We also have 21,990 affiliates. And to be clear, that's not 21,9990 people. That's 21,9990 audiences. a mountain of people, which is already way more than the number of systems I assembled. And with three million plus people, we need less than 1% of businesses to donate. But historically, less than 1% is fairly low for a live book launch like this. For 
[70:29] context, about 2% is a normal lead conversion rate for a live launch. My last launch, for example, we converted 56,56 out of 463,000. So 12.2 2%. Significantly higher. Now, this is a different offer, but also way more people. So, it's reasonable that we'll be at what I think between 3 and 5%. Which would move all 25,000 quickly. Now, if you're wondering why I did this, it's for two reasons. One, scarcity changes behavior, and I wanted to give the business owners who cared the most a good reason to act the fastest in the best ways I know how. And two, I just didn't order enough. So, if you want to guarantee yours, grab them now because it's mathematically probable that we will sell the 25,000. And the donation deal will only get better, as you'll soon see. And for the altered business owners who always ask, "Do you have anything more if we donate even more?" For the first time ever, the 
[71:32] answer is yes, and you will like it. It's the number one request I've had from business owners for four years. It's a one-time thing I'm only doing for this launch. It includes access to me for six months along with some serious goodies you'd only appreciate as a serious business owner. If you donate even more books, but you got to grab the 200 books to see that, you'll see that ultra business owner bonus on the 200 purchase confirmation page. Anyways, quick logistics. The 200 books you donate get sent to entrepreneurs who need them. You don't have to worry about physically storing or shipping the donated books. That was the number one request from last year. If you want any copies for yourself, you'll get a code to get as many as you want, up to 199. just pay shipping and handling whenever you redeem it. The code is good for a year. Any books that you don't use or give away, we will. And yes, this entire donation is a 100% dollar fordoll tax deduction for businesses. And to use a firm, remember, just check out as guest. Now, for all my international folks, I'm very proud to say the team works so hard to do this. We're live in 50 countries, 
[72:33] which is absolutely absurd. Last year, I think we had eight. All right. International shipping, by the way, super expensive because books are heavy and because physics is real and to fly a book over an ocean, it costs money. So, blame your governments for taxes and physics for existing. All right, that being said, I put on the screen quickly what uh what countries we're going to right now. Basically, I had the option of expensive shipping or not shipping there at all. So, we went with that. So, while you guys check out, here's what you're getting. You're donating 200 bucks. You're getting 200 bucks of real value. And the first system that you're going to get is the leads implementation system. These playbooks give you the tools to unlock unlimited leads for yourself. Like how to scale ads with the goated ads playbook. How to write hooks that sell not just get views with the hooks playbook. How to build a reputation that gets the right people to buy with the branding playbook. And build the operational flows to remove yourself from marketing entirely with the marketing machine playbook. So let's take a look inside. 
[73:33] So there we go. The first is the goated ads playbook. So if you ever hit a ceiling on your ad spend, your CPAs go crazy, CAT goes really high, can't scale past a certain point. This playbook gives you the exact process we follow to break through ad spend ceilings and keep scaling. So here's just a fraction of what's inside. The ad assembly process which shows how to turn 500 ads 55 five ads into 600 ads per month using hook meet CTA. Our ad scaling strategy which shows you how to target every customer segment from completely aware to most aware. This is how you actually scale creative and hooks to break into new markets and new customer segments. And the 702010 framework so you can juice winning campaigns way longer and duplicate them more easily. So that's the first playbook that you get inside of the leads implementation system. The second is the Hooks playbook. If you create any content, ads, social media, emails, anything, this contains the 8020 of hookw writing from 35,000 plus pieces of content. Like, I didn't wake up with 
[74:35] a with a viral video, right? And have people just appear. I had to will this. I had to force this. I had to do a lot of volume. And so, here's a fraction of what's inside of what I'll show you. Proven formulas that work across every content type. Best performing hooks across all platforms, email, social, ads, everything. simple checklist to create winning hooks every time. And so that's the second playbook that you get inside of the leads implementation system. The third playbook you get is the brand playbook. And some of you guys may have noticed that direct response isn't working like it used to. This shows you how to build a premium brand that commands way higher prices and gets cheaper leads who buy more often. Cracking this enabled me to break through my $30 million plus revenue ceiling that I was stuck at for over three years. So, here's just a preview of what's inside. The exact topics and associations to pick and build the brand that gets you the customers and sales you want. The brand flywheel, how to reinforce, broaden, narrow, scale, or pivot a brand. The perfect positioning process to turn 
[75:35] views into sales instead of just vanity metrics. So, that's the third playbook that you're going to get inside of the leads implementation system. The fourth is the marketing machine. So, let's face it, making ads and content can be tiring. This is how you remove yourself as the face of your marketing. It took me 18 months to remove my face completely from Gym Launch while growing sales. So, here's just a fraction of what's inside. Nine perpetual ad flows that generate fresh marketing content weekly. These are so sexy. A one-time setup that captures testimonials and ads from everything you already do. And the complete system to exit your phase from marketing without losing sales. Without this, I would have never been able to sell Gym Launch. So, if I were you, I'd be like, "Well, is there any proof?" Ah, glad you asked. Here's some proof this works. This is what we spent advertising this event to get you here. Up to 500,000 a day. You can't reach this scale without systems that scale with you. That was 
[76:36] just August 13th. 28,000 229,000. All right. And the result was 584,000 registrations and selling more books before this launch than we sold at the last launch. And using these playbooks and checklists, I grew from zero to 13 plus million person audience across all platforms in 5 years. This is how you can will your brand and not luck it into existence. And using the tactics contained in the marketing machine, this puppy is how we created,452 ads for this launch. for just our first round of ads. We actually got a warning from Facebook because we neared our ad limit. I don't know if you've ever gotten that before, but if you have a system that can scale, that's what scale looks like. And these don't just work for me. This is Chris How. He's a commercial architect. He was able to scale his deal pipeline from a few deals a month to tripling his business's growth. And using these principles, Jorge was able to scale his ads and lead flow for his local pharmacy. He said, "After launching the strategy your team gave us, business exploded, traffic surged by over 30%. We had to grow the team just to keep up the first month. 
[77:37] And Ava, who's 19 years old, was able to take her content agency from 10 to 15 new deals a month to 40 to to 60 new deals a month. And these were B2B high ticket recurring sales. So that's your leads implementation system. Four playbooks that solve the biggest leads constraints we found in 1,26 plus businesses. So when you donate the 200 bucks, you're going to get all four playbooks. the GoDads playbook, the Hooks playbook, the branding playbook, the marketing machine playbook. All free if you just go to go.acq.com. Now, there's more. The second system you get is the sales implementation system. Whether you can't get leads to show, can't close them when they do, or it's taking forever to get a yes, these playbooks show what we've done to solve these problems for good. So, the first is the lead nurture playbook. At Allen, we analyzed every variable that increases shows across a 100,000 appointments. The findings in this playbook contain the most datadriven show system that I'm aware of. So, 
[78:39] here's just a fraction of what you'll get. The four pillars of lead nurture, tactics to maximize speed, volume, personalization, and medium to get more schedules. The 16 actions we take to turn schedules into shows, and achieve an 89% show rate that takes zero skill. You just follow the checklist. And what's crazy is that most entrepreneurs waste time just obsessing over close rates. And there's nothing wrong with obsessing over close rates, but if you just follow a process, you can increase sales way more than any train team training or new skills by just checking the list. So that's the first playbook you can get in the sales implementation system. The second is the closing playbook. So when I was living in motel at $100,000 in debt, my sales team couldn't close. I actually had to fly out. This playbook contains the exact closes. I drilled them on to save my business. So, here's a preview of what's inside. The seven universal closes. They work no matter what a prospect says. They're the first seven every salesman must memorize. And I've never seen these identified and 
[79:39] I've never included them in my content because I was saving it for this. The reframe framework turns every question into a buying statement and gets avoiders to decide while real nos reveal their true concerns. and the urgency creation system, the words to say to make prospects buy now instead of thinking about it even when you have no deadline. So that's the second playbook that you get inside of the sales implementation system. The third is the proof playbook. Sales take too long because you don't have enough of the right kind of proof at the right times. This playbook solves that. So here's just a fraction of its contents. The belief continuum. How to move prospects from consideration to buying. The beliefs the system that I use to capture volume of proof so testimonials happen automatically and overwhelm competitors. So think proof over promise. It works in person and online. And the 13point proof checklist that instantly diagnoses why your emails, ads, and calls aren't converting. 
[80:41] So here's some proof this actually works. Here are my actual show rates for ACQ for this year using the lead nurture playbook. Those are actual show rates. These are our close rates from this year. And I used over 213 examples of proof during this presentation following this 13point proof checklist. And to prove this works for any business, not just ours, we actually used all three playbooks when working with a portfolio company IBC Global, which is insurance. So here's a direct quote from the founder, Steve. We went from 20% to 61% conversion of all appointments. 3xed our total appointments converted using the ACQ nurture closing and proof process. Numbers are up and to the right big time. Think about what a different 20 to 61. And this is not a small business. And here's another portfolio company we use all three playbooks in. So this year, well operations took their close rates from 27% to 45%. A massive 
[81:42] difference for the business. just following the process. So that's your sales implementation system. Three playbooks to solve the biggest sales related constraints we found in 126 plus businesses. So here's what you're getting. You're getting 200 books right off the bat, right? Which you're donating. You're getting the lead system, which includes the goated ads playbook, which will show you how to break through the limitations for your ad scaling, which is one of the biggest issues that people can't scale on the front end. You're getting the hooks playbook. You're getting the branding playbook. You're getting the marketing machine playbook. All free. Then you're getting the sales system. You have lead nurture playbook to turn uh clicks into schedules and schedules into shows. At the end of the day, you can't sell people if they don't show up. Then you've got closing so once they do show up, you can get them to buy. And we've got the proof checklist to make the whole thing happen faster. All three of those free. We're not done. So, next up, you get Let's see if I put this without making it all fall over. And we stuck the landing. Did we stick the landing? 
[82:43] There we go. All right. So, the next is the delivery implementation system. This solves the two biggest constraints that kill profitability. Customers not paying enough and customers not staying long enough. The first is the lifetime value playbook. So, if leads cost too much, it's common that they don't really cost too much, but that you make too little. The customer value multiplication framework helps solve this. So, here's just a fraction of what's inside. The eight ways customers can transact with your business. Leverage all eight and never worry about rising CAC. Again, most businesses only use one or two. That's what's crazy. Nine real like actually work cost cutting frameworks that drop every save dollar straight to your bottom line. And the customer value map, which shows how to maximize revenue per customer interaction ethically. So, that's the first of the two delivery playbooks that you're going to get. The second is the retention playbook. So, I've been in the recurring revenue 
[83:43] business my entire life. Understanding churn has been a scientific process for me. Like show rates, it's not one thing. It's a hundred small things and you got to do them all. The good news, the hard part is figuring out what they are. The easy part is actually doing them. So, here's a preview of what's inside. Real retention data from millions of memberships showing how to reverse engineer churn from engagement activation. Remember McConer of school. I see a lot of revenue that's recurring. I see a lot of memberships and I have the data because it's all in one platform. The five the updated five horseman retention for service-based businesses and the complete ninestep churn elimination protocol with activation points and onboarding frameworks. So that's the second playbook you're going to get. But here's proof this works. So we use these and we widen a portfolio company of ours. They whiten teeth if you didn't get that. and 2xed how much customers were worth and how fast they paid with the extra cash dropping straight to the bottom line. Want to guess how big 
[84:44] of an impact it made? Which 7 and 12xed profit per location. That's not a typo. Imagine that for a second. 7 and a halfxed per location across all 17 stores in two years without changing anything about their core services. They still whiten teeth and only changing the money model. And to give you another example, here's our month 12 retention on school. This retention curve is how we have 15 plus million users on school which means that we retain so well that we net more than one user per user which makes school school grow even faster. So here's proof this works not just for my business but any business. So this is what Eric and Amanda E who own a digital art marketplace said. AOV more than doubled. Result better customers who pay faster pay more. Thank us for it. We maintain revenue improve margins and we can breathe. Here's another. This is Paul Law, founder of Multiverse Beans had to 
[85:45] say. I attribute a lot of the growth. That's what you said to me at the workshop. Customer journey is what matters most. Overall, 66% growth for 7 and a half months. So that's your delivery implementation system. Two playbooks that solve the biggest delivery related constraints we found in 126 plus businesses. So here's what you're getting when you donate 200 books. You're getting the lead system which includes goed ads, hooks, branding, and marketing. And if you just use the hooks alone, like if you think about the front end of a business, the hook is how every single person actually starts going from cold to warm. If you were just able to increase the amount of people that just take that first step, everything else downfunnel increases just from that one thing. And this is just one of the four playbooks that you get inside of lead system for free. On top of that, inside of the sales system, you have lead nurture, closing, and proof. If people are taking way too long to buy, it's because you don't have the right kind and enough at the right times of proof. and the checklist show you how to do that. You'll get all three of those playbooks for free. On top of that, you'll get the delivery system which shows you how to juice the hell out of LTV and retain customers once 
[86:46] they start paying. Free. Next up, you get But wait, there's more. The profit implementation system. This is the last constraint that kills businesses. You work all day every day for the small percentage of cash left over at the end of the month. With a few tweaks, that number could be much bigger. These playbook contains the three lowest operational effort systems you can implement into a business to prove its cash position. So the first is the fast cash playbook. How to inject cash into a business using only what you've already got. Every business needs a way to generate cash quickly. Taxes, emergencies, extra payroll months, funding and expansion, or my personal favorite, just to give yourself a raise. So here's just a fraction of what's inside. Ready to send seven-day countdown, email, text, promotion sequences tested on thousands of businesses. A quarterly cash calendar system with 90-day rotation so you can just set these and run them on a cadence. The fast cash checklist to help you pick and assemble your list, pick your offer, price it, and send it. This 
[87:48] thing is awesome. So, that's the first playbook that you get inside of the profit implementation system. The second is the pricing playbook. This contains my top 10 mostused instant pricing based profit optimizations. These are the first strategies that I would use to cover this donation. If I zapped into your position right now and I was just jumping into the business, this is the first thing I would use. So, here's a preview of what's inside. 10 instant pricing optimizations. Uh, for example, going monthly to 28 day cycles, that's an 8.3% increase in billing. That's just one of 10 different optimizations that are in here. And that's bullet one. The next is 17 pricing algorithms. They explain if this, then that. If at full capacity and need to do need help, do X. If at full capacity and don't, do Y. And just to put this in in perspective, if you were to implement all of these, assuming you had none and you didn't change sales, it would represent a gigantic increase in profit. And I have yet to meet a business that has every one of these installed. 
[88:48] The third is the price raise playbook. This is the last of the three profit implementation playbooks. If you raise prices, you make more doing the same or less work. This is the highest leverage thing you can send tomorrow. So, here's just a fraction of what you'll get inside. How to find your pricing sweet spot without losing customers or needing fancy analytics. The price raise method with trap doors to keep select customers without playing favorites. And the price raise letter tested by hundreds of businesses. Fill in the blanks and send. This thing is gold. It's amazing. I have tested this with so many different types of businesses. Like, this is awesome. So, here's proof this works. Part of how Gym Launch sold $16,000 packages in a market with a $32,000 median income was fast cash plays. We gave them the skills to make the money to afford the help they needed. And the result of these pricing levers, when used together, were Gym Launch's actual gross margins. 
[89:51] And so, here's proof this works. Not just for my business, but any business. So, here's Corey. He owns uh ProShot HVAC duck cleaners. This is what he said. These principles were super easy to implement in my business. Almost like finding $100 bills everywhere I went. After sitting down with my business, I'm fairly confident to say this brought 15 to 20% back in my business that was just sitting there. Think about your business. If you dropped 15 to 20% mortgage bottom line, would that be a big deal? Probably. Just from doing things that were already there, just repositioning. And here's what Tuzain said, who owns a marketing agency that sells to stem cell clinics. The pricing playbook alone, this guy, paid for my VAM workshop. Before using it, I had a lot of friction increasing LTV for my clients due to selling a high ticket offer. I read the book on my flight home, implemented Alex's taxes, and not only did we triple LTV, we also tripled the amount of clients who were signing up all due to the positioning tactics in the playbook. Now, I don't know about you, tripling LTV, tripling the amount of customer you sign up. Good. 
[90:54] And so, here's more proof the pricing playbook works for any business. So, James Patrick, he's a health consultant. If you guys are looking for feedback on $100 pricing, this this stuff is gold. An easy read on our flight. Jeff cler How to make XYZ. Frank LaRosa, Elite Recruiting. You can tell Alex's pricing playbook is one of the best books ever um I've ever read in terms of having immediate impact when I roll these out. Roof leopard. Uh, we get nosed due to our pricing and are closing at 42% close rate this season while increasing our average ticket from last year by $5,500. That's per sale increased by $5,500. Not bad. Now, these are businesses that used the price raise playbook. This puppy, so Danielle Thompson, we took our price from $115 uh per month to $1.96 every four weeks. We were super scared to send the letter, but it ended up being the single best decision we made as a business. And here's Stephen. I rolled out this price increase letter to 32 clients. Honestly, I wasn't sure it would land. Raising me memberships by $226 a month. Added 226, right? It ended up being the single fastest revenue I've 
[91:55] ever pulled in business ever. Stephanie took my price from 200 to 396 to and 516 a month. It was the best decision we have made for our business and we have not looked back since. and Leander implemented a 78% membership uh price hike across 700 subscriptions. It was a bold move, but allowed me to significantly boost revenue, reinvest the member experience, and elevate the perceived value of the brand. Looking back, it was one of the best decisions we made for long-term growth. So, that's your profit implementation system. Three playbooks to solve the biggest profit related constraints we found in 126 plus businesses. So, here's what you get in the $100 million money models implementation system. Doesn't that look nice? There we go. Oops. Oh, that could have been bad. There we go. Okay, so here's what you're getting when you donate 200 bucks to entrepreneurs and need them. You're getting the entire lead system, all four playbooks, goated ads, hooks, branding, and the marketing machine so you can remove your face from 
[92:56] making content or ads if you so desire free. You're getting the sales system which includes lead nurture closing and proof so you can accelerate your sales, accelerate your cash flow cycle over and over by just installing these checklists free. You're also getting the delivery system which includes increasing LTV and retaining customers longer through one of the one of which the turn elimination elimination elimination protocol free and the profit system which includes fast cash pricing and the price raise letter that you can immediately send. This the lowest operational drag thing. If I were to jump into your business tomorrow, I would start with the profit implementation playbook and boom. All solving the real constraints of 1,26 plus real businesses like yours. So this isn't theory. These are the solutions we charge $35,000 for to be clear, plus obviously one day of inerson delivery. So think of these as your treasure map for scaling from where you are to where you want to go. And today you get all 12 playbooks free when you donate 200 books to 
[93:56] entrepreneurs who need them. There we go. So if you want all 12 implementation playbooks, go to go.acq.com right now. And if you qualify through a firm, you can donate the books and get everything in your hands for as little as 249. Again, interest free if you qualify. And if you're not seeing it, just make sure you check out as a guest. All right, there's one at the top and the bottom you can click. And if you have trouble checking out, we have 300 phone reps who are there to help you get support. All right. And uh while you're checking out, let me show you how we're going to make sure you implement the right solution at the right time for you. So imagine you're about to begin on this quest. But what happens when you hit a roadblock specific to your exact business situation? Most people get stuck and give up. I couldn't personally consult with everyone, but I had an idea that changed everything. So, I told you that we met with 1,026 plus businesses who paid over $35,000 each. That's $35 million in advisory work. But one thing I left out is I also personally met with 226 plus businesses that paid $135,000 
[94:58] or more each for me to one-on-one break down their business. Now, look at this behemoth. I compiled all my notes on each of the 226 businesses that I worked with one-on-one. If I spaced out working with all those businesses with no weekends, it would be one business every other day, end to end for two years. And look, I took pictures of all of them. A truly backbreaking amount of work. And I definitely didn't do it because one-on-one consulting in person scales, but because the biggest issue I continue to have is people asking, "Hey, Alex, what should I do to grow my business?" And I really desperately want to answer that question for you. But there's only so many hours in the day, and I still have my main job at ACQ. So, I personally documented the exact problems and solutions for 226 plus businesses. I did this monstrous amount of work that 
[96:00] can't scale for a very particular reason to to build something that can. So, here's what I did. For every business I met with, we had intake calls. We took down their stats, their industry. We did a uh I took a sensive notes. We did a constraint analysis. I personally delivered the recommendations in person. I documented their exact problems and solutions, exactly what they would need to act on and in what order, and organized follow-up to give them their next steps. Now, to all my folks who paid $135,000, don't worry. Your data is protected, your data is safe. But again, I personally consulted every business, recorded every intake call, every constraint analysis, every recommendation, every follow-up call, all my actual notes. I recorded all of it. All in preparation for this very moment. Violent, obscene, ruthless, 
[97:00] wise. ACQAI customtrained on everything. So I trained a custom AI on everything. my ended analysis of each of the 226 plus businesses, every constraint, every solution, every implementation step, plus all three books, offers, leads, and money models. Then I trained it on all the implementation playbooks that you just got, the leads implementation playbooks, the sales implementation playbooks, the profit implementation playbooks, the delivery implementation playbooks, and I plugged it into this AI so we have consistent inputs and outputs. Now, I worked with a lot of businesses over the last two years. Here's just a few of them. We had pest control, carpet cleaning, restaurants, waste management, logistics, cannabis, lighting, legal, accounting, wealth, tax, financial adviserss, marketing agencies, content creators, influencers, media companies, roofing, construction, remodelers, real estate brokerages, lenders, real estate agents, real estate investors, fund managers, crypto funds, web design, IT services, content ads, branding 
[98:01] agencies, design shops, online coaches, gyms, nail salon, hair salon, massage therapy, med spas, auto repair, coaching courses, community owners, online businesses, e-commerce, car dealerships, logging, franchisers, meal prep, e-commerce brands, virtual assistant agencies, recruiters, insurance, physical therapy, B2B SAS, B2B services, B TOC SAS, B TOC services, cash practice, general practitioners, dentists, surgeons, urgent carees, pharmacies, HVAC, plumbing, lawn care, and residential and commercial cleaning. So, if you're wondering, but will it be able to help with my specific business? Yes, for three reasons. First, that was 60 of them. I did more than four times that. Second, because I probably helped a business exactly like yours, not once, but multiple times. Some bigger, some smaller, some exactly the same size. And third, even if I hadn't found or worked with one exactly like yours, you should want insights from outside your industry. That's how you get ahead. 
[99:02] Result, you get answers in minutes that would take you years of trial and error to discover on your own. And the best part, you'll never have to wonder what would ALC do in my specific situation again. And so if the playbooks are your map, then ACQAI is your vehicle to getting there. This is the first time this data has ever been made available to anyone. And at no small cost. And if this sounds absurdly valuable, it's because it is. Normally, a fraction of this intelligence would cost $135,000 per consultation. It's literally the most valuable thing I can give you. In fact, many of the say the faces that you see behind me paid at least that. And after spending $135,000 on that work, the average business rated a 9.54 out of 10. It was a lot of work. And to be clear, these are experienced business owners. But numbers on a page can get overwhelming. So why don't we just ask them if they thought it was worth it? So, if you guys 
[100:03] could use the incredibly scientific method of holding your fingers up from 1 to 10, one being bad, 10 being great, could you tell everyone who's watching whether it was worth it? Can I get some Can I get some fingers? So, don't believe me, believe them. So, why would I give away such an unstoppable machine? Well, let's not pretend that I'm just giving this away because I'm not. There's a catch. But before I tell you, books, experiences, tutors changed my life more than anything. Which is why I want to get these books in the hands of every entrepreneur in America and eventually the world. And if you're already donating 200 bucks and see how this AI tool is more valuable than anyone off consulting that people even pay $135,000 for and will give you hilariously more value than hiring another mid-level employee or vendor with a fraction of the experience and is 
[101:04] way faster than trying to figure out everything for yourself through years of trial and error. And again, to put this in perspective, not even counting that this AI is trained on all three of my books, all 12 of the implementation playbooks, the leads playbooks, the sales playbooks, the profit playbooks, the delivery playbooks, and $31 million of real cash value advisory work alone, and more than two years of my life meeting with businesses one-on-one, day in and day out. And before I tell you the additional books you need to donate to get this free, let me ask you a question. How much is knowing exactly what to do with your business worth to you? How much is getting the right strategy without years of trial and error worth to you? How much is having the answer to your biggest business problem in minutes to your exact specifications worth to you? How much is unlimited access to intelligence that never sleeps worth to you? donating an extra thousand books, 2,000 books, 5,000 books, 30,000 books. Hold 
[102:08] that number in your head for real. Actually think about the number like what it what would what amount of books would you be willing to donate for that? If you knew beyond a shadow of a doubt this custom trend AI would help you solve your biggest constraint, which you can't because all business involves risk and your execution will vary. But if it did, wouldn't it be worth at least that much? So, if I price this with 2500 more books on top of the 200, I think it would be beyond reasonable. 2500 more books to get $31 million of consulting value at your fingertips. And that's why the ACQAI is definitely a bargain at not 2500, but a thousand more books. And consider this. If all this did was give you the one solution to the problem that's been holding you your back your business back for years or allow you to see an opportunity from the outside of your industry that lets you leaprog all your competition or save your business from one catastrophic mistake. If all 
[103:10] this did was give you the confidence to make your next big move knowing it's built on a foundation of hundreds of real world businesses like yours. Wouldn't it be worth it? I think so too. Which is why it's an even bigger bargain at not a thousand books, but 400 more books. Because even if only one single time you get one actionable answer to your exact specification with 10 times the clarity at 100 times the speed, it's the same thing these highle amazing business owners paid $135,000 for. And they did that because you only get to that level by understanding the value of risk and speed. And the best part is you only invest once but get to leverage it to your exact specifications as many times as you want. Which is why leverage like skills is one of the best investments. Look, if I had taken that $31 million from consulting and just parked it somewhere, it'd just be a pile of money. Who cares? But instead, I took two years of my life and the fruits of all that 
[104:10] labor and put it into an AI tool that you can use. So, which would you rather have? 400 books worth of cash or the help you need to get to where you want to go with the custom ACQAI train on everything 247 on demand. Right. Me, too. Which is why this may really be the best offer I've ever given at not 400 extra bucks, but only 200 extra. And because I want each and every one of you truly serious ultra ballers to have an unfair advantage to 2x, 5x, or 10x your business over time. And I know how game-changing having the right answer at the right time has been for me. And I want this to be within your financial means, but still a serious decision. I'm not going to ask you to donate 400 more bucks. I'm not even going to ask you to donate 200 more bucks. And given this tool adds clarity, structure, speed, volume, and wisdom, it 
[105:10] only makes sense that this has a real cost. And it only makes sense to do right by everyone who's ever invested in the development of this project. all these amazing people behind me. Which is why I'm going to give you access to the ACQAI custom trained on everything for an extra donation of an extra one time book donation of free with the original 200 book donation. So, yes, it's all included when you donate 200 books. As my way of saying thank you to all the players for putting books in the hands of entrepreneurs who need them. You guys are all amazing. So, let me quickly recap what you're getting when you donate 200 books at go.acq.com. And if you're like, should I go now? You should go now. Here's what you're getting. You donate 200 books to 
[106:11] entrepreneurs in need. That's $5,9998 in absolute clear, unquestionable value. On top of that, you're getting the lead system to solve your leads constraints. If you're not getting as many qualified prospects as you need, we created these literal checklists and scripts to follow to solve the constraint free, the hooks, the good ads branding, and the marketing machine. Next, you get the sales system, which includes lead, nurture, closing, and the proof checklist. So, if right now you're not converting as many people and they're not converting as fast as you want, this is what it's for. free all of it. Next, you have the delivery system. If delivery is your constraint, you're not making you're not making enough profit per customer, LTV needs to expand or people are just churning out the back end. These checklists help you solve that problem. Both of these free. And you get the profit system, fast cash pricing, and the price letter. Things you can immediately do in your business tomorrow to prove how sales are perceived and how you can price that could ultimately drive the most profit. Not a promise, just saying that's how it works. all four of those systems free, plus the ACQ AI trained on $31 million 
[107:14] of consulting that took me two years to build and put together so that I could train this AI on the best first-party data I possibly could free when you help me help other entrepreneurs by donating 200 bucks. But I've got one more free gift for you guys when you do the ACQ virtual implementation workshop. And you're like, "Does Alex have a prop for this?" Hell yeah. I have a prop for this. Boom. Look at that. That look nice. Looks nice, doesn't it? All right. There we go. To make sure you use the AI the to the best of its ability, I want to walk you through the same process that people pay 35,000 or even 135,000 for and love it. So, when you donate 200 bucks, you'll also get the ACQ implementation virtual workshop. So, I'll be personally leading you through the entire implementation process to find the playbook that will give you the highest return today, which one yielding next, and how to best use ACQA to implement it. At the virtual 
[108:16] workshop, you'll identify which constraint gives you the maximum return on effort using our most effective frameworks to help you use ACQA to find and create leverage. You'll pinpoint whether your bottleneck is demand or supply and then install what I call quad promotional funnels that allow you to scale across both sides of the business. You'll leave with a clear road map showing which playbook to start with for maximum impact. Personalized by the ACQAI for your exact business. The result, you'll get clear on what's holding you back, then know which playbooks to use to solve the issue and unlock what I call leverage growth and use ACQA to maximize it. So, if the playbooks are your map, think of the ACQA as your vehicle and think of the workshops as your guide. Now, to put this in context, an in-person version of this is $35,000 run by my team. All right? So, I'm not involved. $35,000 run by my team in person one day. This experience is virtual and it's led by me. 
[109:17] Now, here's just a few happy stories of the inerson one run by my team. Joshua Tomlinson, I followed Alex's concept for a long time. Expectations super high. Needless to say, absolutely delivered. Happy Bay Construction. We've never been to event pack with so much value in two days. Uh, no fluff, straight business, worth every penny. Uh Sarah, been to Vegas twice now. Can say without hesitation, help my business tremendously. Mike Lynch, one of the best highle business events I've ever been to. Highly recommend for every business owner. Julie, nearly instant ROI ROI every time I come here. They go above and beyond to make sure you get exceptional value. And there's just honestly the best things we've ever done. Uh it just you can keep going. Left with clarity, bunch of great notes, some solid connections, great fly, right? I can keep definitely do it again. Recommend a friend. Like I can keep going. There's just a lot of these. A lot a lot a lot of these. And you get access to the ACQ virtual event for free when you support 200 entrepreneurs by donating books. So here's what you're getting. You get the 200 books. You get the lead system free. You get the sales system free. You get the delivery system in both playbooks free. The profit system in all three playbooks free. Again, these are hard 
[110:18] copies inside of a premium bound binder. On top of that, ACQAI training on 226 plus businesses, probably one or two. They're just like yours. maybe one bigger, one smaller that you can immediately ask questions to about your specific business and the next things you need to do and the virtual workshop to make sure that you know how to maximize all of this material so you can unbottleneck your business and grow without restraint. All free when you donate 200 books. So just go to go.acqday.com. Now, if you want my competitive advantage to be yours for less than the cost of a Chipotle burrito every day, which is $8.33 with the firm, just go to go.acq.com right now. Now, I've seen many of you are already donating books during this presentation, and it makes me incredibly grateful. So, thank you. But I also know that some of you still have a question or two. So, before I bring out our five mystery headliners, let me address some of the questions I expect people to have. So, let me just 
[111:20] be upfront. This is a significant commitment, right? So, let me just be direct here. If you've gotten value from my free nuggets, my free YouTube videos, my free podcast, my free scaling roadmap, my free audio books, my free keynotes, my free newsletter, Mosy Minute, my free courses, my free events. Please donate some books, which you can do here now at go.acq.com. And if you haven't gotten value, then please don't. I really mean that. With that said, while you guys check out, I want to share something cool with you. Over the last year, I've been studying riskreward decision-making frameworks of the wealthiest people in history. People like Rockefeller, Paul Getty, Bezos, Musk. And what amazed me was a common theme. These guys had to make huge bets and go allin multiple times. And those moments are the inflection points in their lives and wealth. For example, Elon, age 26, exits first business, Zip 
[112:21] 2, gets 22 million bucks in cash. Most people retire here, but then he goes all in on his next thing, a payment platform. 31, exits PayPal, 175 million in cash to him. Most people for sure retire here, but he then goes all in again on his next thing, rocket cars, and solar. Then age 37, SpaceX almost runs out of money. Puts everything he has on the line on his fourth launch, makes it happen, and SpaceX is saved. But wait, there's more. At age 46, Tesla's one month from running out of money. He risked his entire net worth again to borrow money to float the company and eventually turns the corner with the Model S. And today, 54, now the richest man in the world with three of the most valuable companies ever and position for more growth. And all of the others have the same wild stories because they have a different and superior understanding of risk and reward. Basos actually has two of my favorite quotes on risk and reward of all time. The first was the opener of my $100 million offers book. Outsized returns often come from betting against conventional wisdom. And conventional wisdom is usually right. Given a 10% 
[113:23] chance of a 100 times payoff, you should take that bet every time, but you're still going to be wrong nine times out of 10. We all know that if you swing for the fences, you're going to strike out a lot. But you're also going to hit some home runs. The difference between baseball and business, however, is that baseball has a truncated outcome distribution. When you swing, no matter how well you connect with the ball, the most runs you can get is four. In business, every once in a while, when you step up to the plate, you can score a thousand runs. This longtail distribution of returns is why it's important to be bold. Big winners pay for so many experiments. He also has my second favorite quote of his. It's short and sweet, but it's one that I think of a lot, partially because I don't read paragraphs to myself. Uh, humans tend to overestimate risk and underestimate opportunity, which led to one conclusion. History rewards us for being bold. Because I know some of you guys are stuck trying to figure out your next move, scaling like crazy, trying to keep the wheels on the bus, and some of you guys are just trying to stop the bleeding. And I've noticed this common theme for myself in business is that at 
[114:24] every sticking point I reach, there's usually some big bet I have to make to get to the next level. And so I like to remind myself of this when I don't feel courageous. And so each of these figures had moments where they to make high stakes decisions multiple times, not just once, multiple times, and go all in to get to the next level. And since decisions are the highest leverage actions that we can take, I thought sharing some of the decision frameworks and bets that shape my career might be some of the highest leverage value that I can give you. Is that okay? I think they're cool. Sweet. 10 decisions and frameworks that changed my life. So, big decision number one was quitting my job to become an entrepreneur. So, I'm on the phone with a close friend, Victor. He was my first free client, by the way. Uh, pacing around my apartment probably for the 50th time, debating if I should quit my job and start a business or not. And so, I'm saying things like, you know, what if it doesn't work? What if I run out of money? You know, I'm doing okay. Why should I change anything? I've got a lot going on already. Uh, you know, things are super busy right now. And like a 
[115:26] good friend, he listened and he waited for me to list all my reasons. And then he said something I'll never forget. He said, 'Dude, the only thing that's guaranteed is that if you risk nothing, you get nothing. It sounds like all your reasons not to do it are the reasons you should do it. And what's crazy is we actually both quit our jobs after that conversation with the next few weeks. And I drove across the country to become an entrepreneur. And I can safely say that was the best decision I ever made. and my friend Victor helped me, which led me to big decision number two, learning the gym business. So, I drive across the country. This is the actual picture when I got to California, when I actually showed up. Um, so I find this gym expert on the internet, drive across the country, straight to his gym, and I took this picture. I actually found it. I think it's kind of cool. Um, and so anyways, after driving 36 hours, I didn't know what to expect. And so, as soon as I sit down, he offers me to join his gym owner group for $10,000. So, I froze. I'm 22 years old, right? I tell him, "Uh, I'm not sure if I'm at the point in my business career to make an investment like this." But Sam says to me, "Have you ever made a decision like 
[116:26] this before?" I say, 'N no. He says, 'You only have to answer three questions, and if you answer no to any of them, then don't do it. Deal? I said, sure. He said, "Will this get you closer further from your goals?" I said, "Yes." He said, "Great." He said, "Does it increase your chances versus doing it on your own?" Yes or no? He said, "Yes." He said, "Do you have access to the money to get started?" "Yes or no." Said, "Yes." He said, 'Well, since you said yes to all three, it's a logical decision. So, I don't think you'll regret it. And so, I did it. I invested in me, and it ended up being one of the best decisions, the best investments I've ever made. It was the first big domino that moved me in this direction. And to be clear, that one group isn't why I'm here today. But the decision to invest in learning skills is it was the first big investment I made. So, I always frame these decisions directionally rather than absolutely. So instead of asking will this thing scale save XYZ my business answer it certainly won't only you can do that but instead I ask does this get me closer or further from my goals and for me when the answer is yes I move forward knowing I'll figure the 
[117:28] rest out along the way which you can do by going to the link below at go.acq.com and despite being terrified to spend that kind of money I did and that decision ended up being one of the largest factors to why I'm here today. So, here's what happened next. I go to my first gym owners meeting. Remember, I don't own a gym, okay? And so, big decision number three. What kind of gym model should I start? Bodybuilding, powerlifting, fitness. I was into all these different things. And so, I show up the meeting. I wasn't even sure if I was ready to be in a room like this. And I and my turn to talk comes up. So, I say, you know, I want to start a 10,000 foot gym. And immediately all the gym owners jump on me and were like, never go over 5,000 feet for a training studio. I was like, oh, okay, got it. Write it down. And then I mentioned some specific equipment I wanted to get and they said, "No, you don't need that. You can get most of that stuff for 10 cents on the dollar at auctions." I was like, "Oh, didn't know that. Great." And then I said, "Okay, well, I want to rent retail space. Five bucks a foot is what I'm thinking." They're like, "No, you can never go above 150." I was like, "Oh, got it." And so in 30 minutes, they saved me probably five years and $250,000. Like, I couldn't have gotten a 
[118:29] higher ROI if I tried. And that's when I realized just how steep the price of ignorance is. It's a tax we all pay in time or money, and we pay with whatever we value least. But we pay the ignorance tax either way. These decisions, to be clear, I made before I was ready, but I think of them now like a rocket ship. A small directional change in the beginning can create huge changes down the line, good or bad. So sometimes starting before you're ready is exactly when you benefit the most. It's also why I secured financing through a firm which works out to $249 a month for anyone who qualifies and wants to donate books. Just remember, check out his guest if you want to use financing. To be clear, don't be dumb. I've tried to make it so anyone who's motivated to donate can and can get it. Just hit the link at the bottom now. You can walk through the steps. All right. Anyways, the decisions that Sam and that group helped me make set me on this better path, which led me to big decision number four, starting with my first gym and my partner who never was. So Sam connects me with another gym owner in the area and says, 
[119:29] "We should partner up and start a bigger gym together." So, two weeks before the gym opens, my 2B partner says, "Hey, we should go to this workshop. It's $3,000. They promise uh if if you don't make $10,000 at the end of the workshop, you can get your money back." I was like, "Okay." So, $3,000 was still a lot to me at the time, but it sounded like stuff I needed to learn. So, I paid and I went to with him to uh Las Vegas. So, let me give you a spoiler here. I didn't make 10 grand. I didn't even make a dollar from the workshop, but I did learn a little skill called Facebook ads in 2012. So, this is totally crazy. But that arrow that's pointing to that picture, so a friend of mine was actually there. He sent me this picture, I want to say within the last six months. And this is from 2012, so 13 years ago. So he was there and this is actually at the workshop. Anyways, I think for me it's cool. I mean, maybe when you go get older, you you know, you like pictures that you of little moments. So anyways, my 2B partner uh didn't make $10,000 either. All right, but here's the difference. He got upset and he asked for a refund, but I didn't because I saw how I could use this to get people into my gym. Now, the night 
[120:30] before we had to sign the lease, my 2B partner, who never was, backed out. So, I had to come up with his half and my half, which is why I didn't have enough for two rents and slept on the floor. For those of you who know that story, that's why. But learning to run ads in exchange for my $3,000 investment, yeah, you can see it worked out for me in the long run. And so, the bottom line is this. For the right person, ROI should be the least of their concerns. Because to winners, learning skills is always worth it. And winners only become winners by taking action before they are. And that's how they win. But if you just need to take a bet on yourself, then do it. You're the only asset you can ever lose. And so investing in you is the best long-term move you can make with this or anything. And I made it easy for you at go.acq.com. Now, that takes me to big decision number five. find a way or make a way. So, I open my gym and I I get a chairs and table from a dealership down the street for free. So, they put these out on their lawn. You can see a picture there. Um I like I just only bought 
[121:32] equipment and then I realized that no one had anywhere to sit and I had nowhere to sign anyone up and so I was like, "Oh god." And so I saw this out front of this car dealership and they're like, "You want it?" And so they actually helped me bring it back. Anyways, little story. Um so I pull these things from across the street for free. Uh I run my first ads and I sign up 22 members. And this sounds silly now, but like that table with 22 signups was actually a huge accomplishment to me. Um, for years when I would look at that picture, I used to get really choked up about it. U, now I feel nothing. I'm kidding. Uh, but I actually remember it was a huge I went to a new city I'd never been to and I signed up 22 people. It was like a huge deal. And so what's interesting is that one of those members totally changed my perspective. Her name was Jamie. And so she was a single mom, four kids, one job, comes in, says she wants to lose weight. I told her the price. She said she couldn't afford it. And so I paused, as you should. And then she finally said, "You know what? I'm going to do it anyways. I'll figure it out." And so she ended up crushing it and doing awesome job. And so later I asked her, I said, 
[122:33] "Hey, what'd you end up doing to pay for this so that I could tell other people, right, who said they they can't afford it?" She said, "I drove Uber one day a week when the kids were at their dads. I was just resourceful." And so in that moment, she taught me the difference between resources and resourcefulness. Everyone thinks you need the first, but you only need the second. And as a single mom with four kids, you can imagine she could have easily said she didn't have the money. But it just came down to priorities. She just decided that this was more important than the least important thing she was doing and spending money on and made the trade. And so sometimes I have to remind myself of that where I'm like, what is do I want this thing? Yes. What else am I spending time and money on? What is the least important thing that I'm spending time and money on? Am I willing to trade that for this other thing that I want more? If the answer is yes, I make the trade. And so, whenever I like to think of my situation, if I think it's hard, right? I think about Jamie and I'm reminded that there's always someone who's had it worse and done better. And I actually found one of her first pro progress pictures and she actually ended up losing over, I think, close to 100 
[123:33] pounds. This isn't her full before and after, but I just thought it was kind of cool. Um, just, you know, little history. And she did that by focusing on her resourcefulness, not her resources. And the best way to increase resourcefulness is to learn new skills. It's why I distilled all the practices into playbooks and checklists. You can just follow them. Each playbook you can get through in one sitting. That's how I designed them. This is not the time of of more information. This is time of how do I just have the checklist that I can follow that can implement to immediately see a change. And it took me time that you don't have to pay to figure out the hundred ways to do it wrong. With these playbooks, you can just start with what works so you stop wasting time what doesn't by donating 200 books at the link below. Which led me to big decision number six, learning high ticket sales and services. So my gym's growing but not fast enough. So I reached back out to the guy who ran the workshop. He had like 10 gyms at the time and I asked him, you know, can you help me grow my gyms faster? He said, sure. And then told me the largest price I'd ever heard. And of course, my 
[124:34] initial reaction was, "Ah, I'm not so sure." So, he says to me, "I'm not here to convince you to spend money you don't have. My goal is to help you save time you haven't spent. You're going to have to figure this out to get to where you want to go. So, you're going to buy these lessons either way. And everything you're telling me is that your business isn't growing fast enough. So, you're already paying for this with time. So, the question is, is that how you want to still pay?" because you can pay with time or money, but only one of them you can get back, which is why I made this to save you time and money. If you're ready to avoid the ignorance tax, the only kind of legal tax, by the way, that you can avoid, you can go to go.acq.com. So, anyways, I do it. I make the investment. I fly across the world and I learned about semi-privates and how to sell higher ticket services. And you could say that investment worked out pretty good. And by the way, I actually went there. He was super busy and he had 
[125:34] his secretary. He said, "Hey, can you just take this guy out for the day?" So, I have 57 pictures of me in Australia in random places, just me alone, where they took pictures. Then, I met up with him later that evening uh so he could teach me all this stuff. So, just a fun story. So, that led me to big decision number seven, going allin on the skills needed for gym launch. So, at this point, I only know how to run ads locally. I need to learn how to run them globally. And I reached out to a bunch of ad agencies, but I couldn't afford their services. And so, finally get on the phone with one guy and I asked if he'll just tutor me. He says no. But I was so desperate. I was like, what would it take? Which, by the way, a way better question to ask yourself and others if you truly want something. But anyways, he says, way more than I was prepared for. So, I hesitated. And so, he says, "Think about it like this. Over the next 12 months, you're going to spend this money either way. That money's already gone. So, it's not about spending it. It's about where it goes. So, you're going to keep spending it on stuff that doesn't move the needle, ads that flop, leads you waste, sales you don't close, hires that don't deliver, or you can exchange it 
[126:36] for something that builds your business because money only has value when it's exchanged for something better. And what's a better trade than the skills you need to build the business you want? So, I did it and I became the best student I possibly could and learned what I needed to advertise B2B and start launching gyms, which ended up being one of the best investments I ever made. And my hope is to provide the same opportunity for you and 200 other entrepreneurs which you can support by donating books at the link below. Again, your life will be different from mine. So we results. I share this to explain how I made my decisions that changed my life and make big bets when I wasn't sure what to do. Not to guarantee an outcome for yours, which led to big decision number eight. My next big bet on skills. So fast forward, gym launch works, but we've plateaued for three years. I'm stuck at 30 million plusish a year. And I get on this podcast and I start, you know, to talk about a company I'm a huge fan of. And the host of the podcast says that the founder is a personal friend of his and he can make an intro. So I asked him to and he did. And at the time the 
[127:36] founder said his company was doing a billion a year in sales. This guy was the richest person I ever spoken to at the time. So he talked for a while and I asked him what he thought I should do to get unstuck. So he tells me, "It sounds like you just need a different way to advertise." So, I immediately counter with him like, "Hey, well, I've tried some stuff in the past before and it didn't work out. So, I'm not sure if that'll work. Let me just see how my current initiatives are shaking out. I got some coals in the fire. Let me see how those work out." Now, this guy doesn't need to help me. But he just drops this bomb on me instead. He says, "If you've done something like this in the past and it didn't work, the only thing worse than making one bad investment is letting a bad investment prevent you from making a good one. And if you do, you let it burn you twice. He says, "Listen, imagine you could go back in time and talk to your younger self opening your first gym." I say, 'Yeah, okay. So, he continues, "Would you have things to tell him about what to do differently?" I was like, "Yeah, of course." He said, "Right, but now imagine younger you doesn't listen and 
[128:37] says, I'm super busy right now. I've got some initiatives I want to take care of. I've got some coals in the fire. It's not a priority. I'll get to it later." You get it? He said, ' That's what I'm trying to do for you right now. You're only hesitant because you can quantify what you have to lose, but not what you stand to gain. And that's why making big bets is so hard and why so few people make them. So, I made the investment of time and money into content. It's been one of the best investments I've ever made. And so, if you're feeling any of the same hesitations, that might be your business telling you exactly what it needs. Because it isn't about the timing being perfect. It's about solving what's making the timing feel imperfect. And if that sounds logical, go donate some books. If it doesn't, that's cool, too. Which led me to big decision number nine. So, there are moments in your life where everything branches, right? You probably think of some of these now. If I hadn't gone to that coffee shop or signed up for XYZ class, you know, this thing wouldn't have happened. For me, one happened eight and a half years ago 
[129:37] when I was swiping on my phone during lunch. So, I saw this fit Persian chick and figured why not? But what's crazy is that if I had swiped the other way, I wouldn't have met her. And I shuddered to think what my life would be without Leila in it. And I think about this a lot because without her, I wouldn't be where I am today. The thing is is there's a version of you six months or six years from now looking back on this moment wondering what if I hadn't taken that step? What if I hadn't gotten what I needed? What if I hadn't learned that one thing that completely unlocked the business growth for me? What if I had repositioned my offer in a way that allowed more people to want to buy it? More people to be interested, my sales people to sell. All of a sudden, all of a sudden, way more people are showing up. I'm getting more clicks in. Again, not a promise, but imagine if these things could happen. If you went back to this moment, you're like, "Man, I I can't imagine what would happen if if I hadn't done that." Which is why it's worth taking the leap and being bold. So, if you feel like taking a leap and being bold, go donate books, help two other 200 other entrepreneurs, and you can get all this that you can see. 
[130:38] Which brings me to one of the biggest leaps we made together. Decision number 10, buying this building, which I'm actually in right now. So, we weren't sure if it made sense for us to get a building and definitely not this big given the nature of the business at the time, right? We just, you know, it was a holding company. And when we were considering the decision, we came down to this framework. When we're old, will this matter? Well, if it doesn't work out, it changes nothing. But if it does, it changes everything. So imagine you're old, you're looking back on your life, you're like, "Well, is me buying this building or not buying this building, is it really going to change it?" Probably not. But if we do, and then all of a sudden all of these things flourish. It changes everything. And so the downside is limited. We can sell the building, not a huge deal. We can sell the books, not a huge deal, but the upside is unlimited. We can turn this into a campus for talent, culture, team, clients, and build the life we want, which is a framework that we use a lot when thinking about big bets. What if it goes wrong? And what if it works? 
[131:41] And no matter what, we figured we'd do what we always do if something bad happened. We figure it out. So, we let the investment be something that motivated us rather than made us hesitant because buying this building and now our second building have been some of the best investments we've made despite being unsure about it at the time. Turned out better than expected. And if you have questions about your business, that's why I made ACQA and why we're going to have a whole day dedicated to making sure you have exactly what you need at the ACQ virtual workshop. And so those are 10 decisions and frames that helped me make some of the biggest decisions in my life that paid off. Was that helpful for you? Is that helpful for you guys? Because I know some of you guys are stuck trying to figure out your next move, skiing like crazy, trying to keep the wheels on the bus. Some of you guys are just trying to stop the bleeding. And going all in, taking the leap may be the best thing you do. At least it has been for Rockefeller, Paul Getty, Basos, 
[132:42] Musk, and it certainly has been for me. To be clear, I'm not saying what happened for me will happen for you. You can't make the same decisions as me. My life is unique. So is yours, and your results will be too. But to requestimate risk and underestimate opportunity. This longtail distribution of returns is why it's important to be bold. Big winners pay for so many experiments. We're rewarded for being bold. That said, for those of you who are motivated to be bold and take action right now, I've got one more surprise gift for you for helping me help 200 other entrepreneurs, but it disappears the moment this live stream ends. The $100 million launch blackbook. It's available now only while this live stream is on. So while the red light is on, this is available. The moment the red light is off, it's gone. Most 
[133:43] business owner most business owners are terrible at launching things. They post once on social media. They send a single email. Nobody cares and they wonder why. Then they watch their competitors with inferior products destroy them simply because they know how to create demand. I spent the last 14 years mastering the art of launches. From f flying city to city, launching gyms out of extended stays when I was dead broke to launching supplements that did 74 million in sales with four almost 400,000 orders to launching software that hit 15 million users to launching books that shattered records both topping the all of Amazon charts. Launching is how I built what I have. This launch that you're watching right now, I invested four million in ads alone to execute it. Just ads. And maybe just broke a world record. We'll see. Every email, every ad, every piece of content was strategically designed to create maximum engagement 
[134:44] and maximum impact. So, here's everything I spent 14 years learning, two years assembling, and millions to create for this record-breaking launch. So, here's what you get inside the launch blockbook. You have the email and SMS sequences that drove hundreds of thousands of registrations. I checked this morning. I think our number right before I got up here was 620,000 video sales letters, six different VSSL scripts that converted cold traffic. There's all sorts of different ones and we'll give you the scripts for all of them. The affiliate recruitment, the complete blackbook and email and text sequences we used and the prizes, the whole breakdown for how we had affiliates also promote this paid ads, thousand plus paid ads that profitably scaled this launch. This complete webinar, this is 1,700 slides. Transcript and the production notes to make this happen. the launch timeline dayby-day blueprint for recreating this exact launch and something that I like I don't know 
[135:44] if you'll appreciate unless you really get this launch memo. So what is a launch memo? So we we practice the same thing that Bas did at his company which is that we do all of our big decisions via memos. That's how we do it at acquisition.com. And so all argumentation, all structure, all big decisions are always done through memos. So, we have to crystallize our thoughts and just crystallize our decision-making process. And so, you'll get the launch memos, our internal documents that explain the strategy and the thinking behind the launch and the two book bundles, the 200 and the 800. The 800 you see after the 200. That's the big ultra business owner bonus. So, once you get 200, you can see the 800 one. Now, here's the reality. From launching a lemonade stand to launching the iPhone, every business of every size needs to launch stuff. You need to make your offers available from new products to new locations to new services to new features to new events. The difference between businesses that explode and businesses that die is their ability to channel demand into buying behavior. 
[136:44] These assets work. The same psychology works whether you're launching a hundred to 100 people or to a thousand people. Let me see if I can get that. There we go. Or to 100,000 people. You're getting the exact multi-million dollar assets that just shattered hopefully unofficially a world record. but only if you donate while the live stream is on. The moment this live stream ends, it will no longer be available. So, this is your final chance to get the launch blackbook worth more to me than just about anything. So, if you want to master a core skill that built my material wealth and get everything we used to break records, go to go.acq.com right now before it's gone. Now, a special note. The live only bonus launch collateral is digital. And the main reason is this. We couldn't print it ahead because we're still doing the launch. All right. So, this offer won't be for sale after the launch. So, if you want it, you need to check out at the link below. Now, the implementation mega system, everything you can see here is first come, first serve. And so, when 
[137:46] you help me on this mission, my hope is that I not only help you achieve yours, that we together can help 200 other entrepreneurs save their businesses, save the world. And so that's why I'm trying so hard and spent countless hours doing the unscalable, the sheer volume of work over two years. It's been insane to make this for you so that we could give this to them. So let me tell you everything you're getting when you support 200 entrepreneurs at go.acq.com. So, when you donate 200 bucks, which is a true $5,998 value, you're going to get the lead system, which includes the goed ads playbook, the hooks playbook, the branding playbook, the marketing machine playbook, so you can replace your face, the branding playbook, so you can actually build the brand that gets the clicks, that gets the sales at the premium prices that you want. You're also going to get the sales system, which includes lead nurture, closing, and the proof checklist. All three free. If people aren't buying fast enough or your sales team isn't closing or you're the only sales team, this is the solution for that problem. Next, we 
[138:47] have the delivery system, which is we got to make them worth more. We got to get them to keep paying. And so, how do you do that? We have more analytics and more data on retaining customers than I think just about anyone because the nature of the companies that I own. And so, I put everything that we've learned from millions of dollars in research into here and organized into literal checklists. You can just follow them free when you donate 200 bucks. On top of that, you get the fast cash playbook, the pricing playbook, and the price race playbook. These are the fastest, lowest operational drag things you could immediately implement in the business to try and cover this donation. Not a promise that's going to happen. I'm just saying that these would be the things that I would start with if I was like, what do I do tomorrow? That's the least change that I can make in the business to try and generate cash flow. That's what I would do. So you get all all four of those systems free when you donate 200 bucks. Plus the HQAI trained on $31 million of consulting work. Every one of the faces you see behind me. $31 million of consulting work with 226 plus businesses probably multiple just like yours. You're like what should I do? Ask. It's why I did it for two years. 
[139:49] and the ACQ virtual workshop that'll show you which playbook to start with, how to personalize it, and we'll show you how to use the tools to get to where you want to go. And while we're still live, we have the launch blackbook which contain contains everything that I spent millions of dollars on literally to put this together so that you can model it in whatever you want to launch whether it's new products, new locations, new services, new features, whatever. You can launch it using this free when you donate 200 books to other entrepreneurs at go.acq.com. And if you qualify through a firm, you can donate books to get everything in your hands for as little as $249 a month interest free. All right, this is if you qualify. And if you aren't seeing a firm, hit the little dots at the top right and you can check out as a guest. You can also check out as a guest at the bottom. And if you have any issues checking out, I hired and trained 300 phone reps. I kind of skipped over this earlier. We hired and trained 300 phone reps to make sure that anyone who wanted them could get them. So you'll see their number on any failed checkout. Just call them and they will 
[140:50] help you. So let's talk about best case scenario. I think this one's pretty short because I think I've carted it pretty well. So, you change your life forever. Your business scales faster than you thought possible. Save the world, right? I think we're pretty straightforward on that one. But let's talk about worst case scenario. Right off the bat, you get a 100% dollar fordoll tax write off as a business. Period. First thing. Next, instead of just giving them away, if you wanted to, you could just resell all 200 for yourself and keep the bonuses free for life. This is again worst case scenario. That's the second thing. And to give you context here, we've sold 1.3 million copies of my book and we sell thousands every day. So, if you wanted to, there's demand for these books. So, they retain their value. You could also use these books as lead magnets to get more leads. actually had a business owner this morning saying, "Yeah, I'm just giving them as a lead magnet for my next event." I was like, "Great." Or as a gift to new customers or as a 
[141:51] bonus for joining a community. You have an online community, want to give it as a gift for people joining or coming to an event, want to have books for people or if you want a customer, just leave a testimonial, leave a review, give a book as a bonus. Or, and this is actually one of the most common ones that I was not expecting, um, an onboarding gift for new employees to get them up to speed faster. One of the one of the biggest uh reasons we get bulk orders actually is companies buying the books to onboard all their new new employees. I didn't know that one. I didn't expect that one. And mind you, all of those things, those are all the worst case scenario before you even use a single tactic from all four of the system, the lead system, the sales system, the delivery system, the profit system. And that's before asking even a single question to get the ACQ AI adviser to do anything. That's before the value multiplication you get from the ACQ workshop. And that's before deploying even a single artifact from the launch blackbook. I feel like it's a pretty amazing worst case scenario. 
[142:51] 100% tax deduction for businesses. You sell the books to recoup some of all the costs. Give it as a gift to new customers. You can use as a lead magnet. Use it as a gift to join a community like school. Use as onboarding uh training or for a new employee gift. Give it as a gift bonus at your next event meetup. Plus, you can also just feel good about helping 199 other entrepreneurs grow their businesses. As a reminder, for those of you who just want to do good, but don't want to take the time to give them away, I will gladly handle the distribution of the books. So, if you want to use just some of them, uh, just use the code that you get in your email to get free books. And whatever you don't use, I'll donate the rest for you. Keep it simple. Again, that was the number one request we had from last year. So, here's what happens next. Go to link at the bottom of the screen. Go. Go.acq.com. Hit this button. check out. And if you have issues checking out, call the number there. They will help you. And the larger business owners, which is about 15% of you here, 
[143:52] there's a short video on the next page showing how you can get access to me for six months, meet each other, some other cool stuff if you choose to donate even more books. It's a one-time thing I'm only doing for this launch. There are more details on why I'm doing in the video. And I purposely did it this way to create a barrier so only someone who could spend that without needing a sales call or some sort of convincing would be in to increase the overall quality. And you can upgrade your order with a click and then check out. But you got to donate 200 bucks first to get that one. So do this first. But the launch bonus disappears the moment this live stream ends. So go to go.acq.com. Now is the time >> actually. >> Okay. >> We are interrupting. >> Okay. >> Because I brought some friends. >> Oh. >> To give you something. >> No There we go. >> Broke the record. We broke the record. 
[144:54] >> Hi, Alec. >> Well, Oh, sir. I'm not supposed to cuss. My bad. Well, uh, shoot. Um, so I I'll tell you guys, uh, we, so I set this record, you know, I set this goal because I wanted to, the idea of putting a book in the in every entrepreneur's hands in America was something that was really dear to me because, um, this was like everything I have is because of of things I've learned and because of other people who decided to write it down. And I thought, man, if I bought a if I built a brand that was like everything instead of instead of trying to hide it, just like just put everything out there, all the details, like it would have been amazing if Basos and Musk and like I've had to glean all these things from their tiny interviews, but but I was like, how could I just put this out there and just build a brand based on that? And so um what was really crazy is that when I looked at the non-fiction um book sales records, so this is kind of crazy, but of the top 10, nine of them are politicians. And I thought to myself, I was like, and of both parties, so it's not a it's it's both parties. And I was like, how is it that the the top 10 
[145:55] non-fiction, you know, books are all written by people who basically had state sponsoring and the people who are paying those bills is us. We're the entrepreneurs. We're the ones doing it. And so I was like, man, one of us should should get that. And so part of the reason I did this was was for that. I was like, one of us should should have like it's all of ours. I don't like I take this as all of ours. this is not mine. Like I couldn't have done this without you, which is why I said that to begin with is like how could I have you help me make this happen for everyone. Um so this is really award for you guys. Thank you guys so much. You guys are awesome. And thank you guys so much. >> Of course, as you know, this record is continuing for 24 hours. It is quite an official officially amazing achievement to have surpassed the record already so soon into the 24-hour launch. So, we will get that final number um tomorrow morning and see where your final number is, but we can confirm the three of us that you are the official new record holder. >> Congratulations. >> Thank you. 
[146:56] >> So, thanks guys. >> So, just so you guys know, the I think the record was 1.44 something like that. >> 1.43. >> Yeah. 1.43 million copies sold. Um we're serious. We want to hit that record. We want to get that Sorry. We want to get the books into the into the hands of uh as many entrepreneurs in America as we can and you know we're not stopping. So let's keep powering through. I got more stuff to show you and um I can't wait. Thank you guys. Thank you. >> Thank you. >> All right. Okay. So, as I close the live stream down uh launch blackbook goes away forever. Okay. So, if you're midcheckout, let me know. I'll keep the live stream uh going. Can I uh can I get the chat turned on so that I can see the other one because we have multiple chats going. I just want to make sure I see them all. Um, so, uh, if you're at checkout, let me know. I'll keep the live stream open just to make sure that, uh, you get your bonus. So, while you check out, that's everything that you get. And so, uh, this is closing down momentarily. Now, I do have one more promise that I have to keep, but you said you want to do something, right? I'm about to do something crazy. So, what do you want to do? >> Go ahead. I'll do it after. 
[147:58] >> Okay. All right. So, this is uh that is my shoe. This is for my Aussies. I promised I would uh do a shoe for you guys since you guys are showing up at like 2 o'clock in the morning. Did you guys really give me a tall boy? Jesus. I don't even know if I can fit all the the beer in there. How am I going to fit all the beer in? So, this has been walked around in since 3:00 in the morning. I've been sweating. >> Yep. That's how a Shuy works. And so, uh >> Yeah. So, to everyone, I promised I would do it. And so, you guys have been awesome. Oh, man. I can see dirt in there. Oh, yeah. All right. Here we go. I'm going to do a beer's worth because this is a tall boy and I don't think he can fit inside of my show. Aussies, this is for you. You guys are awesome. 
[149:08] Thank you guys. Get every last bit. >> All right. What did you want to do? >> We were just gonna uh we were going to stay on for a couple minutes, answer a couple questions, and then uh show you a couple things. >> Oh, show me a couple things. Okay. >> Not that though. >> And probably not kissing. All right. What do we What are we doing? 2.4. Holy cow. You guys rock. >> 2.4 million copies. >> You guys are insane. >> We wanted to show you. >> Oh, thank you guys. Thank you guys. I mean, honestly, like this is all you guys. Um, you guys are awesome. Uh, I I really wanted to I meant what I said. Like uh I saw the top the top list and nine out of the 10 were politicians and I was like how can these guys own the list for all non-fiction books when they're just memoirs that are 
[150:08] ghostridden? I was like the books aren't even written by them. And I have no offense to those very powerful people. Please don't you know kill me. Um but like I was just like come on. And so I thought it would be awesome to give an incentive to allow business owners to donate to help other people out. like you can reach back in time and help your younger self by donating books. We'll handle all the distribution, all that stuff to make it easy. And so, yeah, let's do some effing A's and Q's. >> Yeah. So, we got some some A's and some Q's and some A's. So, we have Jackson Higgler. His business is Mr. Te's Pizza. >> Okay. >> It's a fast casual restaurant selling pizza and ice cream. >> Okay. >> One location generates 2.4 million in revenue. $850,000 in profit. >> Congrats. >> Freaking sick. Second location opening soon. Here's his question. At 22 years old, with a working model and strong cash flow, should I keep doubling down on opening restaurants or pivot cash flow to a higher multiple vehicle acquisitions, a scalable business to reach a $30 million net worth by age 30? >> How old is he? 22. >> 22. H, 
[151:11] [Music] you know, man, I I think the monetary goals are, you know, it's a good thing, but I wouldn't like make it like letting the monetary goal be your decision for how you run the business. I don't think it's the right long-term perspective. >> That's what I was going to say, too. >> Yeah. I think it makes it less likely that you achieve your ult actually makes, ironically, it makes you less likely to achieve your ultimate goal. Um, I think that I think you have to decide what kind of business you want to run. I will say that the you decrease the likelihood that you accomplish the objective with the the increased number of risk and variables you introduce to the system. And so if you have a working model right now that's doing 2.4 million with 30% margins, then you're going to want to like keep doing that as much as you possibly can. Do you want to add something? >> Yeah, I was just going to say it was interesting. I was studying why most startups fail. Um, and I was, you know, did a deep research with all my AI and it was talking about how it was like something like 70% of startups pivot too soon because they believe their model is unscalable. And because of that, when they pivot, they actually end up making 
[152:12] less profit. And so, I think a lot of times what happens is that we do something and it's unscalable. And then we think, well, gosh, that was so hard. I don't want to do that again. I should pivot and try and do something more scalable and easy and that has more levers to pull. But the reality is that you get better with each time you do it. And we've actually seen this a lot with physical locations because a lot of people come in here and they're like oh gosh you know I've heard like I should go online I should do this. I should do that. And I tell my team for example like with acquisition.com I'm like great let them all do that and like we will keep doing what we're doing in our space. We will do what seems unscalable and we will make all of our we will make everything work from there. Because a lot of times what happens is that people pivot too soon because it seems too hard. And so I would say to you, one, if you just keep doing what you're doing, you're going to have a $30 million net worth by the age of 26. So like that's going to happen regardless. You're going to have the net worth. How do you want to get there and how do you want to feel? I think a lot of the times the biggest risk to an entrepreneur is not that you fail, it's that you quit. And you will quit if you hate the model, you hate the vehicle, and you hate the 
[153:12] people you're doing it with. >> It's also very normal to always want things to go faster. And to then immediately assume that because it's not going faster, you're in the wrong vehicle. And it could be a money model issue. It could also just be a patience issue. And this isn't me trying to say like, "Oh, you're 22, like you're impatient, but like I'm impatient and I'm 36." So >> yeah, I would also say, you know, a lot of young entrepreneurs when I talk with them. They're like, "Well, you know, my friends are out there and they're making x amount of money doing this or this and it's always a fad." And you know what I tell people is like, "Do you want a business or do you want to make money?" There is a difference. You could go, I'm sure, go make more money than this right now with the skills you have. Does that mean that that same thing that you go make money with is going to be around in 12 months? Probably not because you're just grabbing a fat essentially like everybody else. And so I think sometimes it feels really disheartening because when you're doing the really hard work that's going to result in achieving your long-term goals, it feels like, well, gosh, but if I did this, it would go faster right now. And so people pivot because they see that it would be faster now, but it'd be slower later. So we 
[154:13] always like to say harder now, easier later. Easier now, harder later. It was actually a lot of what we were talking about with Tom Billio in here is like you want to seek the hard because whatever that hard thing is is the thing that other people are unwilling to do. And so like like why do you think Elon's companies are worth so much? Because no one else could be like oh we're just going to create a rocket launching system to put a thousand satellites in space. But if we do that then we could just have internet all over the world. It's like yeah well if you do that then yeah you can just own the internet of the world. And like there was probably more than one hard thing in order to do that. >> Just a few. >> Yeah. So, okay, that was uh that was 22. Just keep on the path >> and uh you probably will get there faster than you think. I do think that if you want to if you want from an opening uh strategy perspective, if you want to take over old ice cream parlors, which I think would be my way of doing it because it'll cost you way less from a capital expansion perspective to to open it up. >> Uh because they're already going to have the freezers and all the equipment. And so when I when I expanded the gyms, I think uh two one or two of the gyms were 
[155:13] exist. No, two of the gyms that I opened were existing gyms prior and so I was able to just assume them already with the conditional use permits in place already with a bunch of the equipment in place and so it cost me almost nothing and then I was instantly be able I was able to uh basically recoup my my original investment. Again, not a promise, just like it's just something that helped. Okay, go ahead. >> Uh Civil Productions, Kenny Cox. Okay, so he sells Madden and College football gaming courses. >> Cool. >> Okay, $30 a month or $240 a year. uh they have 3,500 base members. Their higher tier is $97 a month and has uh a little more than 20 members and it's failing. How should we structure the offer and funnel to drive upgrades to the higher tier? So $30 a month, 3500 members, 97 a month, less than 20 members. >> So I would have to know more about what the offer is, the high ticket one. Yeah. >> Um but fun like that's that's super odd because the price discrepancy isn't even like >> big. It's not even that big of a difference. >> It has to be the offer. 
[156:14] >> Yeah, 100% it's the offer. Um, so the the best way that I can describe the difference between like the c the core offer and the upsell is that the core offer should be the thing that they expect to get. The upsell should be the thing they hope they get. And so when someone buys it, they like buy this thing. They're like, man, I hope this thing happens. I hope it's a great day. Now, if I were the chief, you know, god of weather, then I'd be like, well, great day is an upsell. Like, I'll make it not rain, you know what I mean? But it's not going to be a great day. You get sun as an upsell. So it's like what is that thing that everyone hopes for? That's what I think about in terms of creating those upsell which is typically going to be a version of some sort of access, some sort of training, some sort of personalization. So this is what I would encourage you to do because I want to give you like actual tactics right now. I would take I would take I basically do unscalable services upfront for those people so I could better understand what the problems they really have are. So then I could do more of these types of services, if you will, that are less scalable. and then templatize a solution around that so that we could then 
[157:15] make something that is more scalable long term, but you'll actually have spoken to them. You'll speak their language. You'll know what their true pains are. And that's probably how I'd approach it. And you might, and honestly, if your base is $30 a month, your upsell might be like 300, not 97. So if you think about, again, we think about money models, right? So, if you're at $30 a month, if you want it to be meaningful in terms of the impact for the business, then let's say we get, you know, uh, uh, 20% of people to upsell to the second tier, right? Now, if the second tier is twice the price, right? This is yours was three times the price, right? Then we get 20% times, you know, 0.2 times 100 bucks. So, $20 added to the average ticket of 30. So, that's a 60% increase to the business. Not bad, but like there's probably a 10 or 20% that might buy at 300. And then now we've got something that's like significantly more interesting. >> Super cool. >> That was good. >> Thanks. >> All right. We've got Ali Shaper with 
[158:17] super mush gummies. >> Okay. >> Mushroom superfood gummies for sex, sleep, and energy. >> All of them at the same time. Hopefully not. sold DTOC, Amazon and retail. So her question is uh what's your take Alex on Tik Tok shop wave and the shift of e-commerce spend from meta to Tik Tok. >> I mean I think a lot of people are still spending on Meta though to be fair but yeah Tik Tok shop's doing super well. I would say um what's my take on it? >> Yeah, like would you allocate more money to meta to Tik Tok shop? How would you go about? >> Okay, so I want I'll be first and foremost I am platform agnostic like do not care. um you know whether it's meta, YouTube, search, tabula, like whatever like wherever you can get clicks where your avatar is like you care about the customer. The platforms are just a vehicle for reaching them. So like who cares? Like all that matters is that you're getting less than it costs you to get them to buy your stuff ideally in 30 days or less. >> That's good. Okay. Uh we've got 
[159:20] Kyle and Ariel Tresk. >> Okay. Their business is Couple Prreneurs. >> They sell a 12-month strategic advisory and mastermind for entrepreneurial couples. Currently, they sell a $30,000 offer directly from a free live Zoom master class, and it's working well. >> Their question is, would a shorter, lowerric version, like 90 days uh sold from the masterass create more upfront sales to later upsell into the full program? So, should they do a stair step down because currently it's zoomed to 30K? >> I would say it depends on payment terms. So, if you're collecting 30 up front, I would say no, keep doing it. If you're getting if 30 is $2,500 a month, then you'd probably be better served doing a shorter duration and being able to collect more upfront, you'll actually increase your cash conversion cycle. Now, the down so like more realistically, what'll happen is so let's say it's 30,000 2500 bucks. What's interesting is that when you sell at a $30,000 price point, people will address the 30,000 and make a decision on that, but then cancel two or three months later because of whatever, right? 
[160:21] Whereas, if you say this is 90 days, this is 6 weeks, whatever, um, you can benefit from a much lower ticket and then make the upsell later. So, like I'll I'll I'll show you behind the behind the curtains for me right now. So we have the the 200 book offer, right, which is you donate 200 books, you get all this. And then there's the 800 book offer. Okay? And so thinking through this, it was like, okay, I could just say, hey, only do an 800 book offer, or I could say only do a 400 book offer. I there's a lot of different permutations here, right? But doing a 200 book offer and then an 800 book offer will increase the likelihood that people, and we have a ton of data on this, by the way. um if someone makes a purchase, which by the way, the reason that the uh pre-order was a $29 VIP, was because it would increase the likelihood that people had a card on file. And so by increasing likely they had a card on file, it made the purchasing today much easier because you already had it. And so the idea was uh if we can maximize the likely that people make an easier purchase at like $6,000 and especially with payment plans 
[161:22] and a firm and things like that um then the next purchase which is then the quote continuity that's slightly higher ticket uh would be easier to make. And so I I I mean gym launch was a 16k for 16 weeks and then sold year plus. Um, my gyms were 6 weeks more expensive than it would be for that same period of time and then period of time. So, here's what I would encourage you to do. I would try and shorten the front-end thing as much as you possibly can. And I'll explain why. It actually will make it more attractive because all your like duration is not a selling point. Like really think about this. Duration is not a selling point. If I told you that I could pull your tooth out in an hour, I can do it in 60 seconds. You'd rather the 60 seconds. And so if I can fix your marriage for entrepreneurs or you know your main thing if I can do that in two weeks then it gets into believability. So it's really we want the absolute shortest time possible that someone believes that you could deliver the service. And so maybe that's six weeks maybe that's eight weeks but at that 
[162:23] point then you're selling the solution and you might be able to charge half a third of what you were charging for the 30. So maybe you can get away with, you know, 10 or 12,000 for that for that much shorter period. And then you'll be able to pull cash flow forward, get way more prepays paid in fulls where with the 30, you're probably not getting that. And so if all of a sudden you can collect eight or 10 or 12 up front per person rather than 2500, which is what you're getting with 30 and then they cancel and the average LTV is like 8 grand. Here you're actually making more and then you still get the second bite of the apple even if 30% or 40% are only the ones who are going to renew. So hopefully that gives you a little bit more how I'd answer it. >> It's a fantastic answer. >> Thank you, Laya. I appreciate that. >> I get to live with this, too. >> What's it like? >> Encyclopedia. You know, nothing like after a long day, I come home and I'm like, tell me what the upsell is. >> Okay, I got one last question for you and then I'll have the team give us the final count. So, we have Ryan Rice. His business is by RIC. We buy and flip 
[163:23] houses selling directly to other investors. Revenue depends on acquisition and resale timing. Paid marketing usually takes 90 plus days to pay back. His question is for businesses built on buying and reselling out assets like house flipping. What's the best money model beyond just shortening the buy to sell cycle? Should we consider an education play like many large flippers? >> Well, honestly, when I when it's a really good question. So when I when I think about businesses like this, I I don't think that on my first try with no have no additional context to the business, I'm going to get it better than someone who's done it for a very long time. >> So my next like my first look would then be like, okay, we buy ugly houses. They do they have some sort of real estate business because I see their stuff everywhere and they're national. >> So I would look at the biggest players and be like, what is their business model? What is their money model? And I would see is there any element of what they're currently doing that I can do in a different or better way in modern day 
[164:25] media? Because one of the big things is some of these old companies get the advantage of infrastructure and brand, but what they don't have is the advantage of innovation, agility, and kind of creativity that a smaller brand can have. And so you can always beat them in the edges or you can always beat them in the in the tactical stuff because you're not competing against that founder anymore. That guy's 80. He already sold whatever, right? you're try you're basically competing against account rep number six who got hired four years out of college and is doing some quote marketing for this company. So it's it's a lot easier to beat big business than you think it is unless they have incredible network effects that make it impossible which is a separate you know separate discussion >> but they don't. So yeah they're beatable there those companies are mostly marketing companies. >> Yeah thanks for answering those questions. >> Oh you're welcome >> team I I know that the the screen is stuck because I know it's uh higher than that. How many copies have we sold? Can someone give me the live count? >> Is it? It seems like it's fine. >> Mm- >> Oh, nice. All right, great. >> Anybody? 
[165:29] >> It looks like it's updating. >> Nope, it's fine. >> Okay, I I trust you. I believe you. Do you want to put my shoe on and see what it feels like? >> 2.5 million. >> There we go. We're there. Yeah, it's accurate. >> Sweet. >> All right. Am I uh So, we closing uh we we closing this down. As a reminder, when we close it down, the live uh live launch bonus goes away. So, >> how about you chug it and we we close it down once you check. >> Well, let me see. Anybody else checking out? Because I I'll I'll answer a couple questions if somebody's checking out needs to get it. >> All right. We good? >> Chug it. >> Okay. You want She's like, "Chug it. Chug it." >> All right. Hey, >> you didn't drink any water. >> Mm- >> just beer. >> I want to see Alex the Legend Hormosi come out. >> Oh god, what does that mean? >> You guys know in college, Alex was quite the legend. I got to I got to hear about that. >> Okay, so you guys are awesome. Um, if you have a normalsized beer, I'll 
[166:29] shotgun it. But >> photo op. >> Let's do a photo op. All the green guys. >> What are we doing? >> I don't know. I'll have my beer here. Thank you guys. >> All right. And uh I will chug this for y'all. You guys rock. The record has been completely obliterated. Yeah. So the So guys, the record was 1.43. And I like really wanted to break it. So I kind of like pulled out all the stops and it looks like we uh we broke it by like a million. Um, so that's chill. And we still have we still have like I don't know like 20 or 18 hours, something like that to to keep going. So yeah, we're going to keep raging. Um, >> as a reminder, if you are on the fence right now, the live launch bonus is going to go away, which now is the Guinness World Record launch bon. Oh, hey. Uh, which is now the Guinness World Record launch, which is, you know, great. Pretty pretty badass, I think. 
[167:32] Now, that being said, uh you guys were awesome. I can't I can't even begin to tell you how much work went into this stuff. Like >> a lot like a lot. Like a lot of work. >> Um >> like so much work. >> Uh so are we holding this now? >> We're doing more photos. More photos. >> Keep doing we're going to do photos. >> Well, you guys are great. Thank you guys for being champs. We're uh I guess you only have I'll put the beer down because I'm sure Leila will be upset that there's a beer in it. There you go. >> I'm so upset. Got it. All right. Great. Thank you guys. So before before we before we before we before we before we Yeah. So again, live stream ends. That bonus goes away. That's the Guinness World Record, you know, launch, you know, collateral. Um I want to say special thanks to everyone that is not on this screen right now. Um there is so much that went into into making this happen. We have redundancies. It's like I don't know what's happened behind the scenes, but we have three redundancies for Wi-Fi to make sure that the live stream would 
[168:32] keep going. We have two redundancies for power outside of the three redund we have two generators and a battery pack in addition to the power that's going to the the actual all the screens, all the all the stuff that's powering the cameras. Um, we had we we hired and trained 300 phone reps uh to help anybody who needed to check out, check out. Uh we have 90 support reps who are handling support right now and full-time. Uh we also uh have 30 of my internal team that are not actively like manning stuff that are on the phones also helping out. So I guess it's 330 plus that are just helping people check out if they have issues. Um beyond that we have Go ahead. You want to say more? >> Oh no. I I can talk though. >> Yeah, go for it. >> Oh, okay. No, I was just going to say like I think for everybody watching like you're all here inspired by what you've seen today and what Alex has presented to you and what we've just presented to you guys, but like I want you guys to know like you can't do it without a team. Like this doesn't happen without so many people so dedicated and we're 
[169:34] just really lucky that we have an amazing team that was willing to wear green suits for the last month. Um, you know, drink energy drinks and um be here every day and we couldn't have done it without them. No, like a special thanks to uh to Maggie for uh for for just managing a ton of stuff and putting us all all together. I shouldn't have probably said names now to say everybody. Um so I will so everybody else I I'm not going to say that. So Maggie, you just got a a special shout out. Um special thanks to Trevor for for all all bookrelated activities. Um you know who you are. Uh beyond that honestly just thanks to you guys. Um, like thank you guys for being here since since 2021, making little YouTube videos. Um, couldn't have done it without you. Uh, I can say with a lot of earnestness that, uh, we are not going to stop. So, we're going to keep going. We're going to keep making stuff. We're going to keep doing the best we can and we will we will mess up. Um, but we will do our absolute best. I also want to say 
[170:35] thank you for donating so many books. Uh, there's a ton of entrepreneurs. the amount of story like I can't even I it it borders. So the reason you guys might have noticed that like there's not a single income claim um in this presentation um which would be very easy to make with a book called Money Models. The reason that there is no income claim is just for FTC stuff um but the amount of messages and and videos and long letters of like my business went from X to Y and Z to W and I can you know my I could feed my family now. we moved into a new neighborhood because we can afford it and we finally bought our first home or like I bought the building my business was in or I finally quit my job and I started my own thing and now I'm doing I'm doing tour advisor stuff or I learned how to do, you know, rank and rent and now all of a sudden I've got 10 clients paying me $2,000 a month. Everything's changed, right? Like you guys are the reason we do this. Um, and these goals are motivating for us, but at the same time, like just putting more books in the in the hands of entrepreneurs, that's why I take the time to write these books. Um, because my life was changed through those. And so I just try and model the things that 
[171:36] changed my life. >> Thank you guys. >> Yeah. Thank you guys so much. And uh I guess we'll I'll I'll kill this. >> How long How long is everything going to be up? >> How long is everything going to be up? Okay. So here's your Are we saying it? We saying it. >> Oh, I don't know. I'm just rolling. I wasn't even going to be up here. >> Okay, we're just rolling. Yeah, we are beyond our We've stayed beyond our our welcome here. Um this this will end. I will say that this will end very soon. Um and if you want to make a decision, you should do so now. And that launch bonus which like got this certificate that has literally never been done by any any human in the non-fiction space. As also a side note, we also crossed the number five, which is >> Yeah, I don't want to say anything, but uh >> we also Yeah. crossed the non-fiction. >> Yeah. So, we're we're number five in all 
[172:37] time of all books >> ever. >> Of all books ever as of right now. Um which just crossed >> non-fiction. >> Yeah. As a non-fiction book. >> Old us over here. >> So, I'll tell you I'll give you guys a hint. The number one through five is all owned by the same person. the absolute goat. So, I have no I have no I have no goal to beat the goat. >> Harry Potter. >> It's Harry Potter. And so, I love >> Yeah, we're huge fans. Um and so we just crossed uh Cursed Child uh the script uh which she released I think has two million. It sold 2 million copies in the first 24 hours. >> You're a wizard. And so, um, right now, the only books that are ahead this book, we still have, you know, 18 hours left. Uh, the only books that are ahead this book are Goblet of Fire, Order of the Phoenix, um, what's the sixth one? Why am I losing my Oh, Order of the Phoenix, >> Half Blood Prince, >> Half Blood Prince. >> Oh, Half Blood Prince. Yeah. And then, uh, and then The Deathly Hallows. 
[173:38] >> So good. >> And so those are the those are the only four books in history that have sold more books than this book in the first 24 hours. Maybe she'll want to have coffee. >> She what? >> I'd like to meet her. >> Yeah, I would love JK. I'll have I'll have a beer with JK. A butter beer. A butterbeer if you will. >> A butter beer. >> Yeah, maybe a jelly beer. The every berry bots, every flavored beans. I'd have them all. Um anyhoos, uh so anyways, that just happened. So that's kind of cool. Uh but anyways, this this launch bonus which created this, all the marketing behind this, all of the internal memos, all of the strategy that created this um it goes away uh as soon as we turn this off, which is happening momentarily. So like grab it if you want it. Um what's nice is that the launch one is digital, so you can you can use it to uh to train AI to help retrofit some of those so some of those assets for your own business. Um, >> yeah, and the the school group's already popping off. >> Oh, is it? Oh, fantastic. Great. So, also for the the ultra ballers, the 
[174:40] super business owners, uh the 800 uh book thank you page um offer. Uh you just make the first payment today and then you're in. And so, uh because again, it's like I don't have unlimited phone people and I'm sure they're I'm sure I don't know, but I'm sure they're hammered and it's it's probably a a blood blood bath. >> It's actually going great. Oh, is it >> great? Well, you know, we prepared for a long time. We did a lot of training. >> We uh took it in house and look, nothing broke. >> I know. I know. So, I know you guys know, but last year the internet last time the internet broke and so um hope you guys are cool just like going a little behind the scenes just hanging out. Is that all right with you guys? Is that cool? Give me a little behind the scenes. Okay. >> Um what? >> Ask them for the our our gum. Your gum and my gum. >> What? My gum smell. Oh, I had a beer. I guess I'll hold this for now. Um Okay. I'm going to put this away because it's already over here. This is great. Okay. Fantastic. This Yeah, we break the record. Yay, it happened. And now, you know what that means? That emptiness that you feel inside of you. Now it's the next milestone. It was a good three minutes. Um, glad we spent three years, 
[175:41] you know, two years building to that moment. Um, but first off, thank you to all the Australians and the New Zealanders who I know have stayed up for like like an absurd amount of time to do this launch. Uh, you guys are awesome. The the least I could do is drink a beer out of my shoe. Um, which is just soaked in sweat. like literally soaked in sweat. I could like my shoes are squishy anyways from how uh how wet they are. Um but beyond that, what are you getting? Gum. Is that the >> W? >> Not really. Oh, nicotine gum. I'll throw that. Yeah, I want Yeah, I'm not going to go natty gum. What do you think? I am a savage. But um anyways, the uh the the thought process behind this was I knew some of you guys wanted to have I wanted to have have a school community for some of the business owners. I wanted to have a little bit of the gate. And so if you donate more books, you can join it. It's on the thank you page. Um but obviously it's for the super business owners. Um and so we put it there. But that being said, all of the all these raw materials are for everybody. Um if you donate 200 books, we'll be giving them away and you 
[176:43] have a whole year to use them. All right? So if you again, it's like if you want to use these to incentivize people to join a community, if you want to use them to train your employees, the number one request we had from last year was like, can you just give me a code because I don't want to have to deal with holding the books. And so there was a there's two big decisions that we had to make when we were were making this that were kind of like one-way doors. One of them was international. Uh one of the big downsides of international is like either you have to pay a lot for shipping or we just say we don't sell to your country. Those are literally the only two options. And both of them Huh. >> We don't control shipping. >> Yeah. We don't control shipping. And so it's like you hate me either way. And so I just figured that, you know, at least giving the option to people who wanted to buy were willing to spend whatever the extra in shipping is was better than just not having the option. So, that was the decision there. Um, the other decision was I can't remember. Probably the beers went straight to the head. Who knows? >> No, it's fine. Maybe the green guys. You want to come out? >> Yeah. Special thank. >> Yeah. To the $100 million men. So, what you guys don't know is that like you guys probably saw a little bit of content the last week or two that came 
[177:43] from the $und00 million men. So, kuda, you know, give them a little shout. Um, the uh guys, come on. >> They're coming. >> Come on out. Yeah. Yeah. Take a bow. Take a bow. We only have one. We have only one $100 million man. Everybody else is like manning phones and stuff. I got it. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Got it. So, all right. Well, you know, you as a representative of the whole the whole all of them. Thank you. We all Thank you. >> There was lots >> the whole So, there was a bunch of them, but beyond that, um the only reason they they took that over so they could give me the space to keep working on this presentation, training team, making like bigger decisions uh around this launch to make sure that it could actually happen. Um, and so they actually like all those all those posts like they they literally just I didn't even I didn't even tell for any of that. They just 100% did it themselves. And so that's like special kudos to them for just being awesome. >> Yeah. Special kudos to them. Special kudos to Shiron. >> Yeah. Son dog. You want to you want to come out? >> S Dog Millionaire. 
[178:43] >> Knew you're back there. >> Oh man. Yeah. Hey. So we did it. >> Couldn't have done it. >> Yeah. Couldn't it without you? Yeah. Do you want to drink a beer out of my show? >> Um, no. >> No. >> I'll drink a beer out of whatever you want. >> Jesus. >> I'm a lady. My whole team watching. What am I supposed to say? >> Well, I wasn't going to break that silence. I was just going to let you break that one >> later. Anyways, um, yeah, I've been do you want to do you want to give a little bit of a context in terms of like >> so Leila basically took over a huge amount of the responsibilities that I have inside of ACQ almost for like the last like nine months so that I could put all this stuff together like it was a lot. Um, >> I mean you started working on this >> Yeah. >> I want to say the first conversations about this launch were two years ago. 
[179:44] >> Yeah. No. Um, and you know, I think as businesses grow, you kind of have to figure out at some point. I think we used to overlap a lot more >> and then at some point you have to kind of decide like where are you going to spend your time and I think we said, you know, you writing these materials, putting these things together. >> Um, it's the highest leverage thing that you can do to help everybody. And so that's kind of how I think we split it. probably two years ago we made that decision is like that's >> you creating things like that me being the the person handling the business side like >> that that's how we can do it you know >> yeah yeah I was even including all the all the one day consult I was even including that >> which definitely has happened this whole time >> yeah so I think um you know just in general it's a lot of you know I think it's a season though you know and I think for everyone that's you know asks and you talk about the sacrifice you make anything. You made so much sacrifice in terms of time, in terms of sleep, health, our marriage. No, but you 
[180:47] know what I tell everybody is like it's a decision and me and Alex talk and we have seasons where we get to be really close and it's comfortable and things are a lot more chill and then we have seasons where we say we're going to gas it and it was definitely a season that I think we gassed the last 18 months I want to say. Um, and >> the the next season will not be as much gas for a minute because you got to recuperate and you gotta restore yourself. Um, >> but we did it because we wanted to do something epic. And I think that the thing that we always default to and um is like what's going to make the best story? And I remember, it's funny cuz when you were going about to go up here, I just remembered, I don't know if you remember this, when we were in Arizona doing our launch in Phoenix. Yeah, I remember >> in the extended stay and we were in the parking lot of Walmart and I remember we were walking and we were like we had $1,000 and we're like, "What are we doing wrong?" 
[181:49] >> And I remember sucks. >> Yeah. And I remember us walking in the parking lot to go into the Walmart and we were like looking up at the sky and I was like I swear like I just remember I I just thought to myself I was like if we just keep going it's going to make it all worth it and like we're going to get there one day. >> Yeah. >> And I saw you like going up here. It's like it's so funny because you know you see the numbers and the records and all that but it's like damn like that was 10 years ago you know >> 10 years >> we were in the extended stay had $1,000 and you know like the reason that this stuff is important to us is because you know I think people see success and fame and money and they're like oh you must not like I have never not felt like I I probably still feel very much insecure and like like that person in many ways. Now, I don't doesn't mean that completely, but I still very much think about that and think about gosh, it's so cool to come this far. It's so cool to have a team that can help put this together. It's so cool to have such an impact. And so, for all of you watching 
[182:50] and thinking like, gosh, I hope one like you can one day. Like, you can do the same one day. And I hope somebody that's watching this, I hope you break the record next because this now it's like the four-minute mile. Like, the four-minute mile for books has been run, right? Like now we are number one in non-fiction, but like who's next? It can be one of you. And like it doesn't have to take as long as you think it does. And I think if there's anything about our journey that I hope inspires you guys today, yes, there's the business and the money, all this, but it's like just what's possible. And there's nothing different about either of us than there is of you. 10 years ago, we were in the the audience. We would have been in the audience with all of you. And it's just the reps. It's the work. And it's literally just not quitting, you know. And I think we're lucky because we have each other. So anytime one of us feels down, we pull the other up. You know, if you're in a partnership, you got to do that. Like when one is down, you pull the other up. But just like anything is possible if you just don't quit. And you just got to give yourself that shot. It's like I always tell myself, I'm like, you got to 
[183:50] make it worth it. Like if you're in pain right now and you're listening to this and you've watched this and you're like, gosh, I want to be where like we were in deep pain 10 years ago and and it's still painful. Don't get me wrong, business is not easy and achieving goals and doing things that are challenging is not easy, but man, like make it worth it, you know? That's like what I think to myself. Like, I'm having a really freaking bad day. I'm like, if you stop now, it's not the pain will have been worth nothing. You got to keep going to make it worth it to find what's on the other side. And I think a lot of this, that's what I think about like this morning going into this launch. And while I'm behind the scenes like watching, I'm just like, man, I remember, you know, that night in the parking lot and then going into that Walmart saying, "It looks like all the other Walmarts in the country. This extended stay looks like all the other extended stays." And then >> thinking like, you know, I mean, I really like think about you and how much I believed in you. And I was like, >> we're going to we're going to get out of this. It's not going to be the same. I was like, we can do this. >> This guy's going to make more than $1,000. I know it. >> Penny stocks, baby. penny stocks. 
[184:52] >> Penny stocks. No, I mean like so I just I feel for everybody that's watching this right now and is just feeling the pain because there's so much uncertainty. There's so much and like at the end of the day, the reason I like making content, I like doing things like this is I don't want people to have to go through the same pain. If you're going through pain right now, the whole point of this >> I don't want everyone to go through the same pain, you know? >> No, I want to save a little bit of it, >> you know, but like a little, you know, a little bit. >> I'm too nurturing. I default to protecting. Uh that's where we differ. Like if we can just save you a little bit of the pain. >> 10% 10% less >> 20%. >> Eight 8% less pain. >> What kind of people do they want to become? You know, >> I do that too. >> No. Um thank you guys. Yeah. Thank you guys so much. Um and thank you guys like thank you for me and thank you from the 2.5 million entrepreneurs who are gonna get well minus however many books get 
[185:53] you know redeemed directly. Um thank you from all the other entrepreneurs who are going to get this. This is um is I mean it's beyond what I expected. So um thank you again so much. We're I mean we're going to do everything in our power to uphold that and um continue to just give more stuff and continue to reinvest in educating entrepreneurs and writing more books. Oh god, more books. Uh I wrote a lot of books lately. This was two years of my life. Um um but it was for you guys. >> Record. >> Yeah. To the next record. Yeah. >> May it let uh maybe it'll be one of you guys. >> Yeah. Hopefully it is. And use all the stuff in the books. >> Seriously, take action with it. All right. So, the the marketer in me wouldn't let me uh wouldn't let me end this without doing this. So, you wanna I mean, you're welcome to stay if you want. All right. So, one last time as I close this out. I I can't I can't I don't think I could do it. I don't think I could do it without doing it. Um so, one last time 
[186:54] for anyone. Uh so, the live stream is going to end. So, if you've been on the fence, do it now. So, go to go.acq.com, go check out. Um there is shipping for international. And if this was $7,000, you probably would be fine with it, too. So, just change your mind about how you think about the price. Um anyways the you donate 200 books to other entrepreneurs and when you do that you get the last two years of my life basically uh consolidated into the most checklist format I can possibly give. And so each one of these I tried to always take the perspective of what will this change about their behavior? What actions will they take as a result of reading this book or this playbook so that they can have an increased likelihood of getting this outcome. How can I increase the likelihood that their ads will continue to scale and do so profitably? These are the behaviors that we took in order to increase that to happen in the highest percentage of businesses. That is what's contained in goed ads. All right? Like you saw in there, people weren't like, "Oh, it took me years to read these things." So many of them were like, "I read it in one 
[187:54] sitting. I did it. It worked. I'm not promising it's going to work for you. Your results will be different." Right? Everyone's a special snowflake. All right? But these have the most consolidated ways that I've had to consolidate. like how do I just get someone to have ads that are profitable? That's what's included in the goated ads playbook, which is the first thing you get for free inside of the hooks playbook. Like, man, content was tough for me. As much as like people were like, "Oh, it took off overnight." It's like, well, I mean, I started making content in 2020. So, besides that, yeah, overnight. U No, it's not true. Sorry. 2017. Geez, 2017 is when I started making content. And so, it took me a very long time to figure this out. And I don't think I have like the natural, you know, I have content from like 2013, 2012. and I didn't have like I needed that um to see how bad I was. And so it's just taking me a lot of reps. And so this basically is like here's my best of here's the like here's the slivers of like if I only had 20 minutes, an hour, an hour and a half to just be like this is everything you need to know. This is what this is. So that's the hooks playbook. All right. And you get that 
[188:55] free when you donate 200 bucks. Now, on top of donating that and getting it for free, you'll also get the branding playbook, which I suspect for many of you might be the one that unlocks what you need. And I kept it simple. It's not it's not this big amorphous topic. It's like associate this with this. Here's how you broaden it. Here's how you narrow it. Here's how you pivot it. Because many of you are in different positions. Some of you are like, "Hey, I want to go from car sales to sales." Some of you guys are in a position you're like, you know what? I want to go to general business or you know, I was in general business, but I think I need to niche down. This will show you how to make the directional change within your brand to actually get what you want in terms of the associations that will drive sales, command premium prices, and ultimately get cheaper leads. And in a world where no one trusts anyone, brand is going to be the mode. I'm telling you guys right now, like this be calling it, right? Brand is going to be the mode. And the difference between small business owners and big business owners is their understanding of branding. So that's the third. We're only three playbooks in. You get all those for free. All right. with the 200 books. Now, the marketing machine, and I didn't actually really get a chance because I had to like keep up the the momentum of 
[189:56] doing this, but since we're all hanging out, let's hang out. Um, the marketing machine. So, this is what enabled me to sell gym launch. Like, I wasn't I wouldn't have been able to sell gym launch had I not had this. And I had to figure this out because basically, we had to take the perspective of like, okay, if we are going to sell it, they won't let us be like I can't be the face of this thing if there somebody else is gonna be the owner, right? And so I then had to ask the question like, how can I generate as many leads, as many sales with nothing I already do? And so it turns out when I was looking through this, when I was trying to figure this out for myself, that there's basically nine different places in a business that occur within the normal course of business that if you just set up these one-time setups, you can create these endless flows of creative. So think about this like as an internal UGC system. So obviously many people have heard of UGC user generated content like how do you create an affiliate network that creates content like that's what Tik Tok shop's all about and that's super valuable don't get me wrong but like you do business every day and so if 
[190:56] there's a way that you can control it without the outreach without the management of groups and all the other stuff that goes into that if you could just have a machine that you install once and then every week you get delivered fresh creative from what you already do and this is something that can work for businesses that are in person right for brickandmortar for services obviously UGC works great for, you know, physical products that are e-commerce and things like that, but many other businesses that are service based like that's like a lot, you know, a lot of people aren't like, "Oh my god, I'm going to make this this great UGC video about my lawn getting cut." Not does not happen as much, right? And so having the internal flows to create the advertising you need to scale the business, this system, this playbook shows you exactly how I did it and how you can do it, too. And it works for any business. All right, so you get all four of those free uh when you donate 200 bucks. Beyond that, I just putting gum. Hold on. Let me I'll take my gum off there. Oh, there you go. Okay. On top of that, um, lead nurture. So, I I I I don't want to feel I don't want I don't be self argrandizing here. I would say 
[191:58] if I this is ridiculous to say, lead nurture is one of my core skills. Um, both from a long-term branding perspective, but even from the short-term perspective, how do we maximize the likelihood that someone shows? And so Allen, which was a mistake for me to do from a business perspective long term, I bought Allen, not bought, I founded Allen, uh, which was a company that only did automated lead nurture. So that's where it started. Automated lead nurture something. I don't even remember what it was stood for. Uh, Allen. And so anyways, uh, when I when I when I when I founded Allen and we built it, I got this great machine scientist, um, which is what, you know, the the precursors of AI, right? um he was a big site a big big data guy and he came in he won the like the Google Olympics for machine learning in Russia barely spoke English but the guy knew what he was doing and so I said I need you to do independent variable analysis and he had we had 1,200 different variables that we kept inside of the system to figure out what increased the likelihood of shows and by by analyzing all 1,200 um we were able 
[192:59] to isolate basically the core activities that must be taken by the software andor a to maximize likely that someone schedules and shows. And by isolating those things, we're able to turn them into behaviors that someone could follow. Um, and that's what this is about. And so that's what this entire lead nurture playbook is. Like I I'm so bullish on lead nurture. Like I told you about uh IBC, the insurance company, earlier. Like if you're somebody who has less than 70% show rates, it is fixable with process. That's why this one is so powerful. Like there's so few things that you can just say like oh you can go from 50 to this is not a promise that's going to happen for you. That's not my point here. I'm just saying hypothetically speaking if you go from 40 to 80% simple math for me it's a double that's doable getting doubling your close rate not not always doable right like if you're at 35% like you're probably not going to go to 70% close rates unless you dramatically change your offer or price. But like you can double your show rates and you can for 
[193:59] sure get a 20% 30% 50% lift in show rates. I'm not saying that's going to happen for you. I'm just saying it can happen. And so I have like I'm super bullish on this lead nurture playbook. Like you can like I told you I almost started a fund on just trying to find businesses that had bad nurture and just getting doubles and triples from that. Thank you for this cookie. Appreciate that. I'm guessing people think that I have low blood sugar. We'll find out. So that's the first of the sales system. This is all free. On top of that, you have the closing playbook. Um, I could talk about sales, but um, I just want to talk about the sexiest thing that's inside of here, which is the seven universal closes. So, I've spent a very long time, um, studying sales, right? And what's been really interesting about my my study of sales is that I have a a more simplistic view of it now than I did at the beginning. And maybe it's the Midwip meme, right? In the beginning it was like just you know just ask people what they want see if you can do it and then and then solve the problem right ask them to buy and then in the middle it's like tonality and shifts and pacing and cadence and blah blah blah and NLP 
[195:00] and all these other things right in the end it's just like hey just be clear speak loudly like ask them multiple times and find a way to ask them in such a way that doesn't offend them right and so having the universal closes is something that's so important because you can teach them you can you can memorize all right? Very easily. And this has now become I'm changing how we're even doing sales stuff with this um because of this this big aha and you will be able to ask more times without having the person have to go through a decision tree. And so if you're really good at sales like some maybe some of you guys are founder led you're like man I close at 80% but my team closes at 30. Right? It's because you sell with a consultative frame, right? And I can sell with a consultative frame because I'm an expert at these things. And so as soon as someone perceives you as an expert, then you gain you gain status, you gain leverage, and you gain influence, right? But you have to create a sales system or a sales script that allows someone who doesn't have that influence, doesn't have that leverage, and can still close 
[196:00] deals. That's what this will help you build. So that's the closing playbook. That's the second playbook inside of the sales system. The proof checklist, man, this thing's a monster. What's really cool about proof is that I it was basically a deep dive that I did on proof to try and figure out like, okay, what makes a piece of proof not compelling versus another piece of proof that's very compelling. Like there was a reason I asked everyone on the screens to hold up their hands in real time. And I did that because it was real time. It was not, you know, fakeable. Like I somebody could have hel up a one or a two or who knows, right? And so see, they're real people. There you go. Right. We got some we got some hands, right? And so, how do I demonstrate proof in as many different ways and at the right times to increase the likelihood that someone is going to make a purchasing decision? And so, this proof checklist is like so good. So good. And you can set it up once inside of the business and benefit from it. And so, you'll get the lead system, which includes all four playbooks free. You'll get the sales system, which includes all four playbooks free. When you donate 
[197:02] 200 bucks, just donate some to other entrepreneurs. All right? That's my ask. Now, the delivery system. So, lifetime value. I I didn't expect that because honestly, like I spent a lot of my time prepping for the first half of today. Um, and like making sure school was ready for the volume and all the other things that went into today. Um, all of the conversations that I had with friends of mine uh was completely basically completely uncanned. I just had like what money model we're going to go over and that's pretty much all I prepared. Um, but beyond that, lifetime value was probably you notice that was a big theme. And so in some ways the better you get at marketing the more I see acquiring customers to be almost a commodity, right? Like once you learn how to advertise, you learn how to sell, you learn you learn these core components, right? The thing that differentiates one business from another is their ability to increase lifetime value. And the nice thing is that there are repeatable frameworks that I had to learn across different industries that I could put in one place. So that I mean honestly I write this stuff down so I don't have to remember it, right? I write these I write these artifacts down so I can be like okay team this is how I 
[198:03] train you right this is we need to apply this to that business so I don't have to repeat myself over and over and over again but this has the checklist of like okay we have a business it's profit you know it's it's it's making some money it's got some acquisition system but if we could just double LTV it would change everything for this business we'd be able to 5x the amount that we can spend on advertising and so I'll tell you a story so one of the companies that we have in the portfolio um they were doing gosh I think they had done gosh I think they had done two-ish million the year before and then they shot out of a gun and then they were doing call it I don't know 10ish million now at that point we figured out a way to increase LTV the customer and we more or less doubled it but what's crazy is that that doubling resulted in that business in I think 24 36 months let's just say 36 so I'm not overpromising um resulted in nine figures in sales in a year. It was 100 I think it was 120 
[199:03] million 36 months later because what happened was was because we're able to unlock LTV, we could outspend everyone. And so basically there's two big mega ways to create a monopoly. Okay, so way one is that your cost of acquiring customer is lower than everyone else is. It's zero. This is the whole viral quotient idea. This is what social media platforms are built on. This is how school works, right? Well, school works, we have both, but like I want to get into that. Okay, so there's how can we get customers for as little as humanly possible. On the other extreme, it's how can we make more from customers than anyone else possibly can and as a result be able to outspend our competition to acquire. So one of them is like we're not going to play the same game. We're just going to get customers for very cheap. The other is how do we spend as much as humanly possible? And so by doing that, basically this playbook will show you the frameworks that I think through when we're trying to fix this within a business so we can increase LTV. Now in a very tactical level, like I could have probably just left it at that, but some of you just have pure churn issues. Like it's very tactical 
[200:03] like I just need churn to go down. And so with school, you know, and and obviously being friends with PC and seeing all the all the numbers that he has access to, um we have a tremendous amount of data that we sit on. And so putting together the churn uh churn playbook. Sorry, this I keep messing this up because I used to call this the churn checklist because it sounded so sexy. Um but I was like, you know what, I should I should name it as a benefit. So it's retention. Maybe I should have called it the churn checklist. Anyways, so inside of here you'll you'll you'll get the basically the churn elimination protocol, the things that we do to reduce churn reliably um across service businesses and obviously software because that's where you know that's where you come from. All right. So, if you have a recurring or some sort of subscription related business, like if all this does is just decrease the churn that you have, this thing is just going to like it'll be worth it for you. Again, not a promise that's going to happen for you. Your results will vary. All right? But just just it's great. Now, beyond that, so you're going to get the lead system free. You'll get the sales system free. You'll get the delivery system free. But on top of that, you'll get the profit system. Now, fast cash. Now, I'll give you a little 
[201:05] bit more context. The reason that this worked so well for like the reason this was a pivotal like gym launch wouldn't have been gym launch without fast cash this play. All right. So the reason we were able to charge and we still are right able to charge 16 32 36 and I think you know 4041,458 right per year in a space where people make less than that. Think about that. Their their median income in the gym space is around $30ish,000 a year. All right it's right around there. We're charging more than 100% of people's income. So, how is that possible? We had to make people sorry, we had to we had to find a way or give them the skills to monetize in order to get the help they needed. And that's exactly what this is. And so, if you are B2B especially now, there's two use cases for this. Use case one is if you're B2B, this is this is one that has a huge amount of leverage. Let me explain why. So if you help dentists, you help any kind of business in a specific way, especially around lead generation and marketing, if 
[202:06] you can give them a play where they can immediately reactivate, they can use their existing base in order to generate more sales. And this will show you how to generate the uh the scarcity, how to price it, how many to limit it by like the playbook that like we have test like we have done this a lot of times. Um and this will show you what we do to generate uh cash flow for customers quickly. What this does is it allows you to charge more upfront, give you more prepayment discounts that you can give to a customer so that you can accelerate cash flow conversion within the business. I told you this is the money model's implementation. The whole point of a money model is to get more customers, spend more money, less time over and over again, right? This is one of the ways that we do that. We accelerate cash flow in the business. And so that's what uh fast cash does. Now, if you're doing it intelligently, then you want to say, "Hey, if I can run this play once, like what stops me from running it multiple times?" Which is a great way to think. And so this will give you the cash calendar that shows you how to do this over and over again throughout the year. And what's crazy about this is that I used to talk to gym owners and so what would happen is they would they would run the fast cash play. They would be able to pay us pretty 
[203:07] quickly, right? But then after that they just wouldn't do it again. And so it's really interesting about business owners, entrepreneurs, whatever you want to say, just humans, is that we are so willing to work for someone else but not ourselves. So think about that for a second. So, like if you're an entrepreneur, you've probably had to scramble to pay taxes, scramble to make payroll, scramble to make rent. And who are you paying there? You're paying your employees, you're paying your landlord, you're paying the government. But whenever it's like, why aren't we scrambling to pay ourselves? Like, why are we not why are we not approaching our business from that perspective of like, well, there's no reason not to make a killing in May. May is a great month, just as good a month as any. And so this is why having a calendar, a cadence to run these plays. And what's I remember I'll tell you the first one of these I ever ran in my whole life. So there was this uh so Sam I told you the story, right? Sam's my first first guy I I paid to help me with start a gym when I didn't have one. And so what Sam did was he told me um he said, "Hey, you 
[204:09] should run this thing called Big Booty." So Big Booty Boot Camp. All right. And so mind you, I'm 22. I'm a guy. I have like an 80% female gym. And he says, "Run Big Booty Boot Camp." So I'm sitting there, I'm like, "Okay." Uh, and so I I He says, "Here, here are the emails. Go send them." And so I send the emails out. And this is the first couple months of the gym. Like I wasn't making a lot of money. And I send them out. And I think I signed up, don't quote me on the numbers, just me just estimating. All right. I think I I think I signed up something like 40 or 50 people at 300 bucks each. I think it was I remember it was like $9,000. That sounds about right. So I Yeah. So it's 15 people, two sessions, uh uh $300 each. I think that's what it was. And so I ended up making $9,000, which for me was like absurd. This is not a promise that's going to happen for you. I'm going be clear here. All right. But I saw that and I was like, "Holy cow." But was crazy is that that extra revenue drops straight to the bottom line. And I was like, "Whoa." Because 
[205:10] when I thought about, okay, so the average gym owner takes home 12 and a half% net income. Okay, that's what the industry average are, depending on what report you're looking at. So if and the average gym does around $350,000 a year. So if you're looking at 12.5% on, let's just call it 300 grand to make it simple. 36ish,000 a year is what they're taking home. So for me, just imagine this. I make $9,000. I was like, this is a quarter of my annual income. This is absurd. From a couple emails, I was like, I should do this more. And this created this quarterly system for me to to to generate more cash and serve my customers in a new and exciting way. And so this works from a B2B perspective so that you can help these businesses make more. And on a B toc perspective, if you are the type of business that sells to consumers, then instead of having an agency or a marketing consultant or whatever telling you, hey, run this play, just run it yourself. And so that's what the fast cash playbook does. Now, the next is uh is the pricing playbook. This thing's a killer. I already showed you a zillion testimonials for this thing. Um, I have 
[206:11] God, I have so many pricing tweaks. I just put the top the top 10 instant ones that have the highest likelihood of of working with the most businesses and the pricing algorithms inside of it because so many questions are like, well, what do I do in this scenario? What do I do in this scenario? So, basically just created if this then that rules of behaving around pricing that are inside of it, plus a whole bunch of other good stuff. Um, but this thing's a this thing's a monster. And I think I I told you Saint story, but like just repositioning how you're talking about your offer can shift how people perceive the price. And so that's also included inside of the pricing playbook. So it's not just like how can I change the price, but how can I change people's perception of my new price that now makes it seem like less than my original price even though it's higher. That's what that covers. And then finally, you have the price race playbook. So PC talked about this a little bit. Um PC and I have gone back and forth. He's led a ton of price raises. They said it 80% of the people, that's his estimate, um, of the business that he worked with, they they they led a price raise um, for us, I mean, gosh, we do it so many times. I honestly a 
[207:13] countless amount of times. What's interesting is it's such a high-risisk thing if done improperly. And so to pay down the the stress or the risk or the fear of failing around this um that's why that's why I created this playbook because many of you are going to you know read the pricing book and be like shoot how do I actually implement this or roll this out. That's what I created this playbook for. I'll show you how to position it, how to explain it. I'll give you the actual letters to send the post to put inside of the group how to explain it uh so that your people aren't, you know, pissed off at you uh for raising prices. And so you'll get all 12 of those for free if you just donate 200 books to other entrepreneurs. Okay. Um and you'll get it in this nice premium binder which you see there and you get in this really nice box over here. Okay. Beyond that, I train the HQI on all of these playbooks so that if you're like, "How do I make this work for a dry cleaning business? How do I make this work for a lawn care business? How to make this work for XYZ business?" This will help you do that. All right. Now, the battery on my iPad right now, right? Um, and this I mean it's funny cuz I just like almost skipped over this, but it's harder for me to give 
[208:14] examples besides the fact that I did 226 of these. Every single person that you see behind me um like they came from this like from this like their name's in here. Um, and they paid a huge amount of money in order to basically make this available for you. Okay, so that's inside of the HCQ AI. Beyond that, we have the ACQ virtual implementation workshop. Um this will help you use the tools that uh that we set out here so you can use them with skill um and ultimately get more leverage on the business and one of the cool benefits of this is that you can bring your team to uh to this workshop. Okay. So our workshops uh you know we have obviously we have cons we have advisory work and then we just have kind of uh workshops that are on the on the front end. Um those workshops that are on the front end are five or $6,000 plus a piece and the one day advisory work is $35,000. And so you can bring these without any additional cost which I see is a pretty significant benefit. Again, all free when you donate 200 bucks. And uh last but not least um because I'm going to close this out. So if you have been if you've been on the fence, this is now is 
[209:14] the time. Um we just broke the Guinness Book World Record. I would argue I don't want to be self grandizing, but I would say we shattered it. Um and the way we did it was everything that's inside of here. All right. So this launch blackbook contains I mean millions like literally not like not like fig like literally millions of dollars of work um and bets and decisions and the internal thinking process which might be more valuable than I think anything else because in a world of AI your ability to make decisions is going to be the thing that ultimately decides your fate because execution over time will be considerably you know diminished but it's who can decide what's the strategy how are we going to implement these tactics which ones are we going to do that's the stuff that's going to drive the needle and so uh this these launch assets these collateral like they just got that so they work beyond this I have some other questions okay great um 
[210:18] yeah so we had a couple questions for the ultra ballers that I had so I'll just talk to you guys about that so um again if you guys are checking out. Go check out. Um because as soon as this is over, then we will uh we will we will terminate the live stream and then the launch bonus, which now is incredibly sexy because we just we just cracked the the Guinness World Record. Um which was, you know, I mean, I hoped, but I didn't know. Um but beyond that, uh let me tell you about the about the the 800 book offer. All right. So you guys would you guys like to hear about that? Actually, would you guys like to hear about that? Okay, then I will tell you guys about that. Indeed. Okay. So, I thought to myself like what would be what would be really compelling? And so, the number one request that I've had for years has been can we have a group from Rosie Nation, right? And I I want to be 100% transparent 100% transparent with you. Like, I didn't want to start a community that was going to become the comment section in general. That sounded 
[211:20] horrible. And I was like, I think that will actually make me not enjoy what I do. And so I thought, okay, how can I solve for like making something that I would really like and if I really like it, then other people who are business owners that are higher level would also enjoy it too. And so what we did was I thought, okay, number one is that I do like working with businesses. I do have time constraints, but this was actually like some of the most fun that I've had in a really long time. The reason I do Hormosi hotline cash cows is because like I would do I I would do it for free, right? uh people are willing to pay so I charge but like I would do it for free. I really enjoy it. Um just like the questions we answered earlier like I enjoy it. So the first thing that you get when you donate 800 books which we also credit the 200 towards it. So while this launch is going on uh the 200 gets credited so there's only 600 more books um which you can pay for I think $3,000 extra today. So basically you pay six to donate the 200 and then on the next page you can just pay $3,000 more and you get everything I'm about to say. 
[212:21] So, number one is you'll be able to have direct access to me and it's only for six months. And again, I'm doing this because I wanted to break the record. We've already broken it, but I I I'm a man of my word. I will stick with the the window being open um for, you know, until, you know, until the time till till the time it ends. Um I will give you a hint though. Um well, I'll I'll just say this independently. The record is uh only for 24 hours. So, I'll just say that. I'm not saying when this ends, but I'm saying the record is for 24 hours. Um, so in the spirit of that, the first thing that anybody who chooses to upgrade on the thank you page gets is uh it'll be direct access uh to me specifically, meaning you'll be able to ask questions inside of the community um and share the tactics that are working well for you right now uh for you and everyone else. And so I will I am allocating time in order to answer these questions. And I think that the alpha on an answer can be everything I think. And so that's why I'm doing it. Um, but I'm 
[213:22] again I'm gating this for six months. I'm not doing it for any longer than that just because I think I know how much work buil, you know, building and maintaining a community is. Um, I said it like I have been voted the number one person in every network that I've entered when they ever had an award or like most likely to or member of the year, whatever. I've I've won that in just about every single community that I've entered. I was vice president of my powerlifting team. I was president of my fraternity. um almost every group that I've joined that had an award I won and I I've done that because I will give more than everyone else will. And so I was very hesitant to do this because I know how much of a time commitment it is. But I'm willing to do it because I wanted to break this record because I think entrepreneurs should own this this darn thing since we're the ones who pay the we're the ones who pay the taxes, right? Like we should at least, you know, own the scoreboard. So that's the first thing. The next thing is that you'll get access to my team to my actual portfolio team. So, this is my directors. These are the people that people pay $35,000 for to have a day with. And so, I want to be clear here, 
[214:24] like my team's really good. And it's one of those unfortunate things that like if you've never experienced really high level talent, it's one of those like you you need to see it to believe it type things. But I'll just say this, like the best people on my team make 500, 800 million plus a year. Not commission based people. They're just really good at what they do. And you don't pay that kind of money unless someone's really good. And so, um, some of you guys will see some of the videos of people talking about like a common theme is like, man, the team's so good. The only reason we could do this is because the team's good. It's not like I can do all this stuff. Like, I was here. Like, you guys been watching me talk, right? But like, the only reason this could even happen was because of, you know, 50, 100 plus other people that are making sure everything else behind the scenes is working, right? Um, so it's me, it's the team. So in terms of the team, it's director of recruiting, director of investment, director of strategy, uh, director of sales, director of marketing. So if you're like, man, I'm struggling with my ads, I'm struggling with my content, uh, you know, my sales aren't converting the way they should be. You know, my sharp rates suck. Um, 
[215:25] I'm having struggling to to find this specific person from a talent perspective. That's like you can ask all those questions and they're like, we'll be in there, right? Um, so that's the second thing. The third thing is that this is all obviously housed inside of a school community. Now the benefits of that is that you'll get access to each other and if you were buy you know if you're donating books to help other entrepreneurs you just you vi you know like you're you're going to be surrounded by other people who who who are the same way right they're going to be giving first they're going to be more reciprocity driven in general um and there's also a really cool feature in school where you can it doesn't dox you but you put it you could basically put yourself on a map it gives you 10 milei radius you're not showing your you know your home address but then you can just see every person in all of Mosy Nation That's a baller who's in your city. And so I'm I'm hoping that we can facilitate the meetups of just a bunch of really sick entrepreneurs. And like there's really nothing that has changed my life more than the people who have entered it. And so I wanted to facilitate that 
[216:26] at scale uh for Mosie Nation. And I wanted to do that so that we could do this together. And so that's the second thing you get or third thing you get. Um now the fourth and obviously you have access to one another that's you know joint joint joint ventures partnerships um and just relationships. That sounds a bit sounds a bit off doesn't it? If it's Yeah. Okay moving on. So the fourth um is something that you might not have expected. So we do a lot of deals at acquisition.com. I'm not as public about them and I'll tell you why. Um I I revealed a couple of the portfolio companies today, but the the big one is just that I I don't there's very there's very little benefit I get from basically making brand associations because then I become basically that company becomes beholden to me. And so if you're ever to sell that company in the future, I have to go with the deal. And most companies don't, you know, like I I don't want to put money into something and then say, "Okay, now I'm beholden to this thing for the rest of my life." Right? And so I will be showing the deals that we're 
[217:26] doing behind the scenes. Um, and I think one of the really cool things that has really advanced me as an entrepreneur is some of the wealth and tax strategies. I'm going to dive into this a little bit more. Um, I didn't, you know, it's like my like my understanding of finance is so dramatically improved from from the time I sold my company until today. It's mindblowing. Like what do you think the number one strategy for decreasing your taxes is as an entrepreneur? Do you think it's like learning all these things about the tax code? No, it's not that. And this was a big misconception that I had. It's about learning how to do your finances in such a way that you can basically still generate the cash flow that you need to, but then structure them in such a way that you just have lower taxable income overall. I was like, whoa, I didn't know you could do that. And so, I'll share some of the strategies that we do at a higher level um for business owners so that you can decrease your taxable income. Um, now obviously if you're in a country that that already has no taxes then amazing for you. Love this for you. Uh, but for everyone else, especially 
[218:28] US-based and I would imagine that many of these accounting practices probably carry in most developed countries. So that's one. Um, beyond that, there's obviously the the the more tax code related stuff which will benefit specifically more US companies. Um, but we'll share some of the things that would have worked exceptionally well for us um that you can that you can use. And again, that's not a promise. You know, your results will vary, etc. Um, but these things are things that like you just pop one of these in and it's like for the rest of your career you can use it every single year. And so these are it's what's crazy about these types of uh strategies is that they are purely declarative knowledge meaning until you know about them like like the day you learn it it's just tremendously valuable and then you get to use it forever which is like if you think about the compounding value of knowledge especially for this type of stuff from a tax perspective it's like if I know how to decrease my t my my effective tax rate to you know from 37% to 20 23%. This is not me saying it's going to happen for you. I'm just saying like hypothetically if you knew how to use uh the tax system better and you could do that. It's like that compounding of the savings over the rest of your career is 
[219:29] just mindn numbing like blowing how much how how much of a difference it makes at the end. And so we're going to be sharing that stuff. Chiron specifically obviously he's you know president of a publicly traded company. Um knows how to do things by the book super compliantly. Um, and he's been a huge a huge help for me in basically leveling me up to to kind of like the public level of of financial operations and accounting um especially when it comes to tax drag and things like that. And so we'll be sharing some of these strategies um with you guys. Now, there's one more thing that we give uh to anyone who who uh donates 800 more bucks, which is $3,000 extra. Okay, this is what it is. Um this is the lead system. This is the sales system. This is delivery system. This is the profit system. I will be leading an event like this but only about the lead system month one. Next month and these are not in order but like just say as we go I'll do one entire workshop on the sales system, one 
[220:31] entire workshop just on delivery retention LTV, one on profit and I'm spacing them out once a month so that you can actually implement this stuff. And so it's what Augustish, end of August. So there's six of these in total. So there's four. There's two more. One is people and AI. So Leila's going to show you how we're increasing our leverage per headcount using AI. And now how to incorporate into the operations of the business. And so that's going to be a deep training same as wealth. Wealth, which is what uh what Chiron will lead. So that's six in total. Okay. So leads, sales, delivery, profit. Each of those I will lead. Chiron will lead wealth and tax. Uh, and then Leila will lead people in AI. And so you will be able to have that. Uh, and you can invite your teams now within the community. I only want founders and business owners because it's just cooler. It's better. Um, but your teams can come to all of the events, which again, it's like if you have one, like it's we we charge $35,000 a day. There's 
[221:32] six of them. If you bring your team, like what are we talking about? You know what I mean? Um, so all of that is free when when you get to the thank you page, uh, you pay $3,000 more dollars and then there's, uh, five installments of $3,000 a month for the next five months. And the whole point of this is that it can set you up for Q1, right? You can do this now, hit Q4 strong, and then get set up to crush 26. That's why I did it. And then after that, you'll have instal basically have the time each month to install this stuff inside of your business. And then after installing it, you can reap the benefits. And the benefit of all of that stuff is many of these systems are onetime setups. And so obviously some of these things like you're going to have to keep running ads, but once you learn how to break through an ad spend ceiling, you can continue to do it. And like I said earlier, like we spent 500,000 I think like yesterday on ads just for this event. And so I bring this up to say like you have to know how to scale uh in order to like break through these ceilings in order to really scale. So, 
[222:33] that's all the stuff that is uh in addition for anyone who's a little bit little bit more senior, a little bit more premium business owner. Um that is the that is the offer that I have behind the scenes uh for you guys. Now, what's crazy is that you might not have noticed this, but I have not peed or eaten. Um I don't know how many hours we've been going. Um but I will still continue to go strong. The beer is I think what what hit me. Um, the double beer, the tall boy that the that I was forced to drink. Um, but that was for the Aussies. You guys rock. Actually, I think Aussies are probably waking up at this point. So, if if I have any Australians in here, let me know. Uh, let me know in the chat real quick. Let me know if you guys uh are are here. Do I have some Aussies, some New Zealanders? Yes. Okay. Um, so I think I think with this with this uh moment I really do have to pee. Um, I think I'm going to probably uh I don't know. I mean, do you guys like Do you have do you have other questions? Hey, 
[223:34] can you show me the um I know we have three different chats going. Can you show me one of the other chats on this screen? I want to see some of the questions that are coming up. Also, if we have any other questions that came up from uh Thanks. I don't even want to eat anything. I just give me the FAQs. What other questions we got? They keep like bringing cookies out. But I'm not eating them. I like I keep putting them over there. I'm fine. I'm like I'm I'm I'm grooving. This is fun, right? This is a cool way to spend a Saturday. You're in New York and you're tired. Chloe, what's up? Appreciate you. So, when I I'm I'm keeping this open because I know some of you guys are are finishing checking out right now. Um because otherwise the launch bonus that just broke the Guinness record uh will disappear. So, if you do it, do it now. Um, did we swap the uh Mike? We swap the chat. 
[224:38] I wonder if I can go all day and not pay. I can do it. I believe. What are you willing to do to get more books into the hands of entrepreneurs? At least a few things. All right. So, all right. They're switching it out. They're switching it out. Here we go. Okay. Thank God. Here we go. Now I can see it. Okay. You guys rock. Oh, you guys are awesome. Thank you guys. Thank you. Okay. Live Q&A questions. Here we go. You guys are fast. They printed this out. Rock and roll, man. This is sick. Oh, this is great. You guys rock. Hell yeah. Oh, that's cool. Okay. So, um live Q&A question. So, Wheatland Dental Care. So, dental office uh offers cleaners, treatment, cosmetic work, free cleaning with insurance, $99 without uh then recommend treatment. Question. How do you build a strong money model when insurance contracts 
[225:39] lock in your pricing? It's a great question. Um, so one of the things is that you want to think about is I'll give you the I'll give you like this is not me trying to push this, but like well you this is me trying to push it. Um, these things will help you more than the book will if you're in insurance. Okay? Okay. And the reason I'm explaining this is that this is a lot of the things that you can do to reimagine the pricing, reimagine how things are positioned so that you can get like I can make this free and not this free. When you have insurance, you have to use other levers. And so this is for like this just the the book, right? The book is for uh really just businesses that are for-profit standard businesses. The money models implementation stuff is stuff that you can immediately use inside of your own uh business to just improve overall. Okay. And that these are like if you if you make money from insurance, then getting more leads to show up will make you more money, right? If you get lease from insurance, having more people find out about your stuff 
[226:39] will make you more money. If you can close and despite the fact that it is insurance, you still have to make the sale. You still get them to say yes. If you can close better, you will make more. Again, not a promise that's going to happen, but just saying hypothetically here. That is how that works. Okay? So, these are the things that actually drive more in that type of business. Um now so a lot of in the insurance space it's like you're going to have to learn your billing system extremely well. Um meaning like what are the billable services? Are there ways that we can find more billable services? How can we introduce those things such that we can get a high percentage of people to take us up on those? So you can absolutely still juice the hell out of LTV. It's just how do we create that kind of customer journey customer map. So that's how I'd be thinking about this. But a lot of it is going to be one in execution when you're in an insurance based business. And I would imagine that you're probably supply constraint uh which is going to be more talent based because most insurance people or people who run it predominantly on insurance have decent demand because the cost is effectively free for many people. And so if that's the case then usually it's like I run out of good talent which means margin 
[227:40] becomes an issue because you're like well I can't pay people better because they c my prices and so then becomes better at operational constraints of like how can I run this business more efficiently. So you just have to walk through the logical tree. Um, and that's that's I mean, uh, the AI can help you with some of these things. Okay, so, uh, Kitty Cox, Civil Productions, we sell Madden and College Football Gaming. Oh, no, I already covered that one. Uh, Easy Cell Florida. Okay. We make cash offers to home owners. I already covered that one. Basil, we already covered that one. Super Smush Gummies. HMA. Trilogy Chiropractic. Okay. Uh, all right. Trilogy Chiropractic. People and animals. So, chiropractic care for people and animals. $97 intro visit into corrective care into recurring wellness. Okay. Is there a question? They just give me a summary of their business. All right, we're just going to go with Matt. So, Apogee Strong. Apogee is a missiondriven education and leadership 
[228:40] company serving parents, students, and entrepreneurs. What's up, Matt? Uh revenue comes from coaching programs for men and families, personal growth coaching, K12 campus licensing and live events. How would you design financial the financial engine so each stream grows individually while also multiplying the growth of the others without creating uh creating drag? Okay. So this is a really important question. So I'm going to tell you a story to answer your question. So I had a lady who came to uh one of the one of the workshops we we did to collect the data to build all this stuff. And she had a a uh she had a two-parted business, right? So, she did hair, she taught people to do uh extensions, I think, and then she also had like business coaching to like help them, you know, grow their business. And so, when she had the hair extensions thing, she said, "Well, you know, this is $10,000 and the other thing is, you know, $4,000 or something like that." And so, she's so she said, "Which should I like which should I be promoting?" I said, "So, what's LTV to CAC?" And so, LTV to CAC for the business thing was 10 to1. and LCV to CACAC for the hair thing 
[229:41] to end consumer of like just teaching people how to do extensions was I think it was like 20 or 30 to1 it's way bigger 30 to1 and so she had these two business 10 to1 and 31 amazing it's great to have both either of those numbers right and so she said you know what how how do I promote these things and so I said reality is that you don't have two front ends you have one front end which is your 30 to1 which has a way higher TAM way more people want to learn how to do hair extensions and if you can make 30 to1 on a way bigger TAM then that's either your only business or you tack on the 10 to one on the back. And so when answering the question like how would I think through the financial engine I would look at what's the LTV to CAC between each of these things and how can I create a seamless customer handoff between each uh each of the business units and if I can do that then I can create a straight line of business and a money model that I can that my whole team can understand. That's the idea. Okay. Equabody fitness jacktory. So, we sell online personal training to equestrians. Okay, cool. We have a 
[230:42] three-month 3K front end and a 9month backend at 4500. Okay. What would be the best way to maximize retention in LTV? Margins are beginning to shrink. Okay. So, good news and bad news, right? So, if you're online long term, you have to build a brand. It's going to be the long-term strategy. Otherwise, CAC is always going to go up. So you either have to do you have to you have to counter that by building a better brand getting more inbound for free. Option one. Option two extending the LTV of the customer so that you can afford the increased price. Ideally you do both right. I'm saying like thinking long term here now because if you have the brand then you can charge more and you'll have a bigger reputation. Um and then you'll also have less cash. So you'll get a double double like you'll increase how much you charge and it'll cost you less to make the money. Now, the 3K to 4500, those prices seem I don't know. I'm not I'm not sold on those yet. Um, but if I wanted to maximize LT, I would probably use one of the money models that I talked about, which is a rollover. So, I would say, 
[231:42] hey, how can I make the, you know, I I I can make this a 10k backend because if you're doing three months, 3K, that means $1,000 a month for three months and then $4,500 over 9 months is $500 a month. So, it's half the price on the back end. So, it's like, okay, how can I take this $3,000 thing and then credit it towards, let's say, a $7,000. So, it's like 10k on the back end, but I'll take your three, credit towards 10, drop it to seven. So, now you're at um basically a a higher effective rate. So, instead of 4,500, you're getting you're getting paid seven, but they see a price drop from 10 uh to seven. So, you'll make more on the back end. you also get a higher take rate because you'll use one of the money model mechanisms. Um, and that's what I would do like to immediately increase LTV, but I would still long term like you got to start making more content. Um, so that you can come on more established as a brand. Uh, otherwise CAC is going to continue to rise. Okay. 
[232:44] Equabody, I got that one covered. Oh, I think I found my people and animals. I got it. I got the second half of this one. Okay. So $97 chiropractic care for people and animals, 97 bucks into intracorrective care, intercurring wellness. So this is doctors Paul and Brianna Kundiff. So they did 1.3 million trailing revenue. 41% animals, 59% humans. This is crazy. So team of 11 including three animal certified doctors exploring a high ticket platinum pause VIP package bundling pet care with grooming, dental training, and and photography via partners. Okay. question. What should a grand slam offer model be for this business, man? Y'all do a lot of stuff. It's like you couldn't even get narrow to one species. Um I feel like like it's so weird. It's It's an odd business. I'll be real with you. 60% human, 40% animal. It's It's 
[233:44] actually the first I've heard where there's two. >> Sounds like you. >> What? 40% human. 60 60% human, 40% edible. >> 40% animal staying up here. >> I will take that. >> No pee breaks, no nothing, no water. >> Yeah, I Well, Alex is a streamer now. That's right. Um, what would you do there? Are you going to take this so I can pee? >> Yep. >> Thank god. Okay. >> I didn't actually know what the question was, but if you tell me which question. Okay. How did they create a grand slam offer for animals? I'm peeing. You guys rock. I'll be back in five minutes. Thank you guys. Uh, when the stream cuts off, the launch collateral disappears. the one that broke the Guinness record. All right, be back in a second. >> We call this a hostile takeover, if you know what I'm saying. Um, okay, let's find this. I don't see anything about animals. This is odd. All right, let's see. All right, I'm just going to take some questions from the chat, guys. Oh, here we go. 
[234:48] I don't even know what this means, but good good luck writing that on the on the thing. All right. I own a local business. Did we answer this one? We have one location. I want to open a second location, but I'm hesitant. What are the signs my business is ready to expand? We're currently at about $430,000 a month. Um, it's interesting. So signs that you're ready to expand when you're thinking about a service business or a a brick-andmortar location business is first thing I'll say is like that the business isn't relying on you right now in terms of time. So if right now for you to make the $430,000 a month you are involved in the day-to-day and you're making decisions in the dayto-day and the week to week then I would say that's probably not the right time to say I'm going to expand. The first thing that you want to do is you want to get it off your plate so that you're not involved at all. So that's the first thing that we want to do is say, okay, I need to get to a point where it's making the $430,000 a month, but I'm not involved in it, right? I'm just doing a touch base with the leadership team or whatever that might look like. The 
[235:50] second thing is that if you look at your uh CAC to LTV ratio, you want to make sure that it's super healthy because as your business scales, if you want to continue to scale to other locations, you have to assume that over time the cost of acquisition is going to increase uh and your lifetime value might decrease as you bring on more people, more hires, you more locations, the market gets saturated, your product isn't as new. And so you want to have it so you're probably at like, you know, I would say like I would love to see something at between we like 80% gross margins. Um 90 would be better. Um but that's not possible for all businesses. Um so that you can withstand a lower a higher cost of acquisition and a lower LTV as you scale the model. So you are not involved in the business. You have a really healthy uh CAC to LTV ratio. you um and then I would say that the next piece that I would look at is um I also like to say like what's the quality of the revenue? So is your revenue is it all driven off of like discounts and 
[236:51] promotions and like people that never come back in churn or is it high quality revenue where essentially um it's all people that you're retaining, they're coming back, they're really happy. um you're not discounting things, you're not cheapening the product and people keep saying good things and so there's a little bit of intangible there. I think a lot of people are always looking at the metrics and that's that part is a little bit more metric driven and like quantitative. If you look on the qualitative side, if I'm looking at scaling, I'm going to ask myself, okay, well, what is like word on the street? What are people actually saying about my business? What are my customers saying about the experience that they have? And is it going in the right direction? like is it getting better or is it getting worse? Now, it's interesting because a lot of people say, "Well, if you can't measure it, then it doesn't exist." That's guys. Um, and I think Jeff Bezos said this and I think it's like the most it's one of the truest things that I've ever stuck to in business, which is if you have to go with the data versus the commentary. Go with the commentary. And he talked about this in a lot of different interviews with Amazon. It's like, well, the data 
[237:51] says this. It's like, all right, well, but when I talk to the customers, this is what they're saying. It's like, well, because the data, it might not be measuring the right thing. It might be off. It might We don't know. And so that being said, I always go with the commentary. So, if you're wondering if you should expand, I think those are a couple of the things that I'd be looking at. Um, make sure you're not involved in the day-to-day to make that money. Make sure that you have a healthy CAC to LTV. Make sure people are saying good things. And make sure that uh you have the resources to take 50% of your attention and put it towards the next location and nothing would happen to this one. I think a lot of people think, oh, you know what? I'm just going to hire a person. It's going to It's like a baby. It's like the new location. When you open a second or third location, those of you who have done this, you know, a lot of the time it is. It's like, okay, it's kind of like starting all over. Like, it needs that in the beginning. That does that mean that you need to be that involved forever? No. But like, in the beginning, it is. Just like for acquisition.com, you know, it's like we have the private equity, the advisory practice, the venture capital. Like, you can ask my team. I'm very involved in the beginning of every single thing we 
[238:52] do, but I very quickly get myself out of things. And so the same goes for like if you're if you have a physical location business and you're looking to scale. But the key is is that you can't be stuck in one of them before you start the next one. Because for me, for example, if I'm too involved in anything, then I don't have the luxury of moving around to then go start the next thing, go get deeply involved in the new product or uh division that we're going to start for acquisition. And so it's like at some point you kind of have to be as the founder or the CEO of your company, you have to be like the head generalist. It's like you have the most general knowledge of anybody of the entire thing, but you can't go super deep on everything all the time. And you also have to be okay with that because it's a little bit of an ego hit sometimes and you're like, "Wow, somebody else knows more than me." Geez. Let's look at some more questions we got here. How do you decide what things to associate your brand with if you're starting from scratch as a faceless company? 
[239:54] You know, I'll be honest. Um, I have never like people ask me a lot like, "How do you build a brand?" And I'm like, it's it's interesting because like I don't consider myself to have like an insanely large brand or anything like that. Um, and Alex is obviously he has a bigger brand than me, but I will say this, which I think he would agree with, which is like your brand is just you. And I actually think that a lot of the times when pe people think too much about it, when it's a personal brand, they're like, "What should my personal brand be?" And I'm like, "I don't know. How are you?" Like, I'm a little weird. That's okay. It's part of my personal brand. Like, that's fine, right? And so, like, whoever you are, it's going to come out one way or the other. And I see a lot of people go wrong because they have a personal brand, right? They are one person. And then they're like, "Oh, well, I could never show this side to people because then I would lose customers or this or that." And so then they show like a piece of it and they just seem like a shell. They seem like another person on YouTube or Instagram or whatever. And so I actually think that in order to build a really robust 
[240:55] uh timeless personal brand, you have to go all in on just being you. And the thing is about you is that you have certain things you like and they might contradict each other. You might like to work really hard and then watch Love Island at night. I don't know anybody who does that. Um, you might like to, you know, bake cookies for your husband and make dinner at home, but also just like work your ass off all day. I swear. I'm sorry. Uh, and run a business and be a CEO. Again, me, right? It's like things that contradict. And for me, in the beginning when I first started my uh making content, I remember thinking like, "Oh gosh, if I show people like I love makeup and fashion and like, you know, I do like nice things sometimes. s I like to spend money and like you know I like baking for my husband and I like watching Love Island. Like if I show those things then people aren't going to take me seriously. And it's so funny because I remember in the beginning like I actually started making content and the opposite happened is that I remember people like she's a robot, she's this, she's that and I'm like man what? And I'm like people hate me and that's not even me. And as soon as I started 
[241:56] showing another side to myself which was just always there. I just didn't show it on camera then it was like my brand started really growing a lot faster. And so I think for a lot of you um the root of having a good self uh you know um personal brand is just self-acceptance. It's like you have to accept yourself and all your all your flaws. And if you do that you'll showcase it to other people. And you know at the end of the day I I said this to one of our leaders the other day. I said like people don't look for somebody who's perfect. They look for somebody who works hard for somebody who's relatable for somebody who they can aspire to but they don't expect perfection. And I think the same goes for a brand. I think if you try to be perfect to put a brand out there and you got the perfect associations and you can never go wrong and you can never that's going to be so much pressure. You're just never going to want to do it. You know, like I can come up here and be on this live stream with I don't even know how many people are on this right now, but I don't feel nervous at all because I'm like listen, my brand is not about perfection at all because I'm a human and I mess up all the time. And so like I make that one of the core things I talk about because I never want someone to think that I'm not going to make a mistake. I will and I will just 
[242:57] respond well to it and I will make up for it. Right? So I would say in general when I think about associations I think about okay what are the things that I actually am about like what do I like what are the big chunks in my life like what takes up the time of my day right okay I like working out I like hanging out with my husband I like running the business I like baking I like uh okay yeah at night I like watching Love Island before I go to bed like those are things right and so it's like all right whatever takes up the chunks of your day those are probably the associations don't try and fabricate things because you will be found out and It's just interesting. I think it's just like business. People are like, "Oh gosh, like um you know, there's this or there's this trend or this." And I'm like, "Yeah, but do you want to be a trend or do you want to be timeless?" And you can only be timeless if you are you? And like there's a million people out there writing trends. And I will tell you, I don't I don't even scroll my damn phone. I don't even know what the trends are. I'm just like just got to be you. And there's like if if I have to be me and like people hate me and I never 
[243:57] have a brand, then so be it. But like if you build a brand based off of like what associations you think you're supposed to have, you're just going to be miserable. And so I would say like don't put so much thought into it. Just be you. And people the right people will love you and the right people will also hate you so you can ignore them. Cool. Landon, how to manage remote work via weekly reports. Um interesting. So I would say that reports Yeah. come on up. My bestie, Chioon. >> I'll read stuff to you. Go ahead. No, no, and then you can take some, too. Um, so weekly reports. Um, it's interesting. I think that these are the most helpful for when you have people that are remote and probably not as great at communication. Now, I'll tell you why. Because a lot of times, if I'm speaking with an executive on my team, I might not even need a weekly report from them because they're very good at already knowing what to give me. So the less experienced someone is in the organization and the further away from 
[244:58] you they are meaning remote the more likely it is you need a weekly report. And so you design it by saying what information do I need from this person in order to effectively manage them. I tend to ask for a few things. I say uh what was your number one win this week? What was your top challenge this week? How can I support you going into the next week? And where are you at with your MITs? What are MITs? They're essentially like what I have somebody doing. They're their initiatives or their projects for that quarter. And so that gives them the space to essentially think like, okay, where did I do well? Where did I not do well? Where do I need support from Leila? And how am I going to uh you know, how's my progress towards my goals? And so that's the sweet spot for me with check-ins. Now, if somebody is, let's say, a super individual contributor, like we're talking about like a customer support rep, and they're inexperienced, I'm also going to ask them for their stats. uh and also like their stats towards goals. So like how close are you to hitting your goals, I'm going to probably ask them a few more intricate questions. Now why is that? Because they might not have 
[245:59] the skill of when I ask them a more open-ended question of giving me the right answer. So I'd say just in general rule of thumb, the least experience and the further away, the more that you want to have very specific targeted questions and then the more experienced the closer to you, the more they can have open vague questions where you don't need as much reporting. >> Would you add anything to that? The only thing I would add is that um no one likes it when someone turns in a weekly report and the manager does not respond in some way. >> Oh yeah. Reinforcement. >> So if if someone is turning in a weekly report to you and you're not responding to it at all and all you're doing is just reading it and saying, "Sure, I got it." And that's a checkbox for you. Then after a while, I'm just going to get into a B minus way of actually doing reporting. So, um, you know, for Leila and I, every single thing that that someone turns into us on a weekly report, we respond and comment on every single thing because they actually made the effort to sharing with you what they did. So, the least you can do is acknowledge that, support that, you know, celebrate that or what have you around that. So, if you are asking for a weekly report, there's an 8020. 80% of them, 80% of the effort is them 
[247:00] delivering to you. 20% of you responding back, thousand%. Yeah. >> Okay. Before we go to the next question, let's we got to show our kicks because you got these for us. The >> you guys see this? Can they see on the camera? >> The acquisition.com. >> Acquisition.com, baby. >> So good. >> That's good. Awesome. The small things. >> I know. >> Um, this is good. Um, how do you decide what things to associate your brand with if you're starting from scratch as a faceless company? >> Oh, I just answered that one. >> Oh, you did. Sorry. >> It's okay. >> So, what's the next one? Let's see. Oh. Oh gosh. That was okay. Oh, I did that one, too. Oh, it went backwards. That's why. Oh, that's weird. Okay. I'm Okay. In a boutique accounting firm where technical skills is non-negotiable, but the pool of top talent is limited, what frameworks or incentives would you prioritize to attract, filter, and retain A players? Let me ask you that one. >> Yeah. So um they're 
[248:03] a players are difficult right because you need you need uh a players generally do have cost 10 to 30% more they probably will deliver 10x better results. Uh it's it's hard because you have no idea what the A player wants. >> So there's there's a few things that you can kind of flex and comp. A lot of what people ought to think is salary is the only comp. Like it's not right. Right? Leila will always say, "Hey, you get freedom. Freedom of time, freedom of location, freedom of growth." So, what are the other first, what are the non-negotiables? Like, what are the non-monetary things that are available that you can actually use? I would start to actually make a list of them. Hey, we offer unlimited PTO, we you can work from home x number of days a week, you can take x amount of time off, you have um we pay for your benefits, we pay for your gym, we cover your entire 401k match. Like there's other these non like non-base salary oriented stuff that are important. So, when you think about comp, you've got that. The second thing you have is the actual comp itself, right? And um I'll tell you about with the actual base comp is you may have to go a little more, but uh you can get the 
[249:05] A player talent with that, but the your incentive comp is going to be the biggest thing when it comes to a player talent. So, I'll give you a couple of examples for incentive comp. Incentive comp idea number one is um formulaic bonuses. A players love formulas. They're like, "Hey, if I do these six things, I get X result." They feel good because it incentivizes to them to do that thing. That's number one. The second is is u a companywide like a teamwide bonus. If your team delivers all of these things now they're you know they're their lead to get that. >> Third is you can offer equity without offering equity. >> You know there's this idea of phantom equity and the phantom equity is they still get the share of profits or the share of the equity without you having to change ownership structure. And you can structure that in any way that you want. So just you can start you know Google phantom equity. So you still give people ownership in something without actually having to dilute your own ownership. But I'll give you the last but not least one really great idea to give you further incentive is this idea of getting them to stay for a longer time with a pot of gold at the end. So let's say you set up a I'm making up an idea. Let's say you set up a life 
[250:05] insurance policy for them. Let's say you start contributing to that policy. Say, "Hey, while you're with us, I'm going to contribute $100,000 to this policy every single year." >> Right? And then at the end of 10 years when you're with us you can take all the appreciation including all of that. Now this forces them to stay for the 10 years you got to have button C to actually get that result right so now but till that time for that 10 years I can borrow against the policy to actually do something with on a daily basis to run the operations of the firm as well. So you can structure incentive deals where you you don't have to give equity but you can give equity. You don't have to give a bonus but you can give a bonus. You can make it formulaic. You can make it about the team and you can also force them to stay with you much longer as well. The key part is figuring out what is important for Leila is probably not what is important for me and then knowing so you might have to customize that a little bit. I don't know how what you would add to that. >> Honestly, that was incredibly thorough. So I would say yes. I think um some of the frames in terms of like understanding what's important to people tends to be this is not always but I will say like the younger somebody is the more that cash is very important to 
[251:05] them. Especially because somebody if you look even like okay let's say 18 to 30 think about the amount of expenses somebody has they're usually buying a house starting a family buying a car like they have a lot of cash expenditure and so I've seen that people within that range tend to want cash heavy incentives bonuses salary etc and they forgo any kind of long-term I think after that I see more switching it's like above say like 30 to you know the grave no because then it probably switches at some point you're like screw it I'm going out soon I need some Um, but 30 up like people are looking at longterm. They're like, I want to be in it for the long run. I don't have as many cash expenditures. So like what becomes important to them is making sure that they're going to have those things that take care of them not just now but also in the future. >> Right. Right. >> Um, could you talk maybe briefly about the uh what we learn from relocation and then kind of baking that into the process? >> Yeah. So I would say that um a couple things that we've also learned at acquisition that we were actually literally just having a meeting about yesterday is um relocation for example. 
[252:07] So we started as a remote company. So acquisition.com you know gosh we well we founded it 5 years ago but really started it four years ago and we were remote and so our ability to get talent it was really easy to get people remotely because it's like okay I just I just have to like log into Zoom on Monday and I'm on I'm in a different company. It's not a big deal right? Um, and about gosh, I want to say it was about 10 months ago, um, especially after if you guys were on earlier, you heard me talk about us starting our advisory practice. Well, that's all in person here in Las Vegas at our headquarters. And so what I was noticing is that I wasn't getting as much top of funnel for our talent. And I was like, well, why is that? And so what I realized is when we like kept like twisting the the screw and like what is going on? it was that we didn't have a relocation package, which is so silly to think about that we didn't think about this, but I was like, "Oh my gosh, we we very quickly grew >> and went from hiring all remote to in person, and these people have to be very 
[253:08] competent. They have extremely impressive backgrounds. A lot of them have young families. And so, there's a lot that goes into, okay, you have to be a highly skilled person. You have a lot that you're giving up when you move. And then you have a lot of logistical things that you have to figure out when you relocate. And so we said, "Oh, we just have to put together a sick relocation package for people." And I would say on top of it, um, how I approach a relocation package or honestly any package for somebody who is highly compensated, highly skilled, um, and hard to find is that you have to know what's important to them. So for some people with relocating, >> what's important is that we might cover their ability to fly back and see their family whenever they want. For some people, when they relocate, they might actually want job assistance for their spouse who needs to relocate their job. >> For some people, they might want to talk to somebody else who has kids in the school system. And so, some of it's not even monetary. Some of it's just connecting them, using your network, just going above and beyond to make them comfortable. And so, again, if you're relocating people and you're an inerson business, that's definitely something to 
[254:09] consider. >> Yeah, super good. >> All right, phones open. You want to do this? Uh, >> all right. Let's talk about this one. >> Uh, operator's question. I assume that's what that means. Um, I made some assumptions about my business growing that did not turn out to be true. Happens to all of us. I have h overhired for a department and my operations are all over the place. How do you think about restructuring your org chart to be as efficient as possible for business? All right. Good. Yeah. Yeah. That's it. >> I'm going to start with a frame and I'm going to kick it to you. >> Go for it. >> Uh the frame I will tell you is that um welcome to business. >> Yeah. >> And we all make these mistakes. And I had a I have a really I had a really great mentor tell me who mentored a lot of people with all billionaires. Um he said, "Layla, you're always going to undershoot or overshoot. You will never perfectly plan your hiring." And I made a decision right then. I was like, 
[255:09] "Okay, well, how do I want to do it?" Right? because it's either like you hire ahead or you hire behind. And so the first frame that I ask you is are you going to need these people in the next six to 10 months? >> That's the first thing you got to think about. >> You might and that's so that when I ask somebody, they're like, I overhired. I'm like, well, do you need them in six to 10 months? Because if so, we might just want to bite the bullet and say if they're great people and we simply overhired by a little too much, that might not be a bad thing because now we have excess capacity, so it's not going to be a constraint when we grow. Now, if you tell me no, >> I did not. And in fact, I never need these people. And they're not even that skilled. I can't move them into a different role. This is one of the hard things about hard things about business, which is you have to make the decisions to say, okay, if this person is not an all-star a A player and I'm not going to need this role, and there's no other role that they fit into, or maybe there is, but they're not an A player and they're not the right person. You have to make the hard call of saying, "Okay, I have to exit this person from the business." Now, here's where most people go wrong is that they think that exiting some 
[256:09] from someone from the business needs to feel crappy every time. >> Okay, so we talked about this literally the other day. We said, "How do you Okay, cuz we talk about uh in hospitality, for example, they talk about you want to have a very like um excited hello and a memorable goodbye." And I'm like, "How can I create a memorable goodbye when I have to let somebody go?" >> Seriously. I'm like, well, you know, I had somebody about four months ago that I had to let go because of a behavior problem, but I liked this person. I actually didn't want to let the person go, but they violated our code of ethics, and I said, "Well, I don't really have a choice." And so, what did I do to make it feel good? I had no obligation to give that person severance, but I said, "No, I would like to give them five month severance." Why? Because I felt like that was the right way. And you know what? That person was actually surprised and was like, "I can't believe you're giving me this much severance." And even though they were like, I'm upset, they weren't that upset because they were like, wow, I'm gonna find a job in two months and I'm set up for five months of severance. And so when you make those decisions, you have to think like, 
[257:10] >> and some people might be like, I don't have the cash. I don't listen, me and Alex, I remember when we had to let somebody go and we only had $20,000 and we were going to have to pay this person $15,000 in severance. And I did it because I was like, this is the right thing to do and I don't want to tarnish my reputation. And so I would say like in general you're going to have to confront these things. The reason that people don't the reason people quit in business is not because they can't figure out how to make something work. It's because they don't know how to manage their emotions around these very hard decisions. But the thing is is like think about it like this. This is going to keep happening. >> And so you got to figure it out now because then you'll have it figured out for the future. And this is us setting ourselves up for future success. Would you add anything to that? >> Uh no. I think you hit the nail on the head. There's the By the way, Leila's right. This is business and it's going to happen. Uh we have done it. We're going to do it again and it's very normal. The first thing is you have already figured out that you are probably overstaffed in this department. Good on you. Congratulations. The sooner you figured out the better. Now let me give you kind of like a framework for how to think 
[258:11] about all of this. You figured out today that the current state is overhired. Awesome. Right now we have to figure out, okay, what is the future state that you want where you feel like it is not overhired? Where it's actually right. What is that Goldilock state? Right? that Goldilock state, you're better off designing it not with people, but with boxes. So, let me explain. We talk about boxes, not people. When you're stuck with something, you get stuck in the emotion of, man, I can't let Ila go. I can't let Chiron go. And then you get stuck with the emotion of letting that person go. That's not what it is. You're doing something right for the business. Your current state does not work. You understood it. Great. What does your future state look like? Your future state looks like this new set of boxes. Okay, great. Now you say from my current state who are the people that will match those boxes. Cool. Now you've made that plan. Now there's some kind of transition plan involved. And we call this you need to separate the decision from the communication. We've decided that the current state to the future state looks like this. The decision has been made. Now the communication is a little sensitive. Hey, do I let Sally go today? Do I let her go later? Uh do I need her for a few projects? Do I not? 
[259:11] Can I set her up with something else? Can I retrain her on something else? Now the communication is a different strategy. So a lot of people get stuck with the decision and the communication being one. I would offer that it's very hard to you have to separate those two. So think current state, think future state. Separate decision and communication probably a little easier. >> Such a good frame. >> Yeah. >> Decision and communication. You guys got to take that one because a lot of you don't make decisions because you immediately think about the communication. Let's think about somebody on here and you've got a boyfriend or you've got a girlfriend and you're like, you know what? I don't even like them anymore. I watched your content. And now I'm like, they got to go out the door. But then you're like, you stop because you think about that 10-minute conversation that you have to have with them where you break up. And you allow that 10-minute conversation to be why you stay with somebody for two more freaking years. >> It's the same with hiring and keeping people. Most people have the wrong people on their team, not because they haven't made the decision, but because they don't want to have the communication, and they just avoid it 
[260:11] profusely. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah. Good question. It's going to happen to all of us. >> Longest pee of my life. You know what I'm saying? >> Go. >> That's interesting. So, hi Mike from what to do on a date. Love this. We teach dating and social skills to high earning men. Our target customer works in either tech or finance. 35 to 55. Biggest fears are rejection and not knowing what to say. What are some hook ideas to grab their attention? Oh my god, I shouldn't have read that one. Okay. How do I grab the attention of a man 35 to 55? >> Am I the avatar here? >> Am I the avatar here? >> I feel like Yeah. What would grab your attention if you were single >> and scared of rejection? >> Well, to lower the stakes for me, too. 
[261:14] Right. Say >> because I'm like, "Hey, I'm busy. I'm working. >> What if she doesn't like me? I've tried this before. It's really awkward. Do I show Do I show up and say that? How do I show up and talk about myself? >> Is in this case, I'm assuming it's a lady, but is she independent that she's not going to want me? Is this a gold digger? I don't know." Right? And so, I'm just trying to I want to I want to lower the stakes for myself, too. So, if there's some way where it's casual, be like, "Hey, I get to know somebody." Like, I don't know. This is a tough one. >> Yeah. What's a hook that would grab attention? >> I feel like >> Where's Alex when you need him? >> How to not feel awkward. No. Um, how to get No. >> I was on the internet when that was okay. >> This is This is how you know this is real when and not AI or or presscripted, >> guys. I don't write hooks. Um >> well he >> I will give you I'll give you a suggestion without giving you an answer. So when while Leila is thinking when 
[262:15] you're in a tight spot right we have the gift of AI these days and I think it's really really important where you can the you know I think Mike shared with us here he started giving us a good sense of a clear avatar right now if you can get a really deep sense of who your avatar is and you can actually feed that into AI and you can say hey assume you are this person trying to meet this person what are your let Let me give you a framework for this. What are your fears? What are your frustrations? What are your wants? And what are your aspirations? That's what you want to write hooks about. You want to write your hooks about fears, frustrations, wants, and aspirations. So when you give your avatar to AI, you can say, "Hey, for this person 35 to 55, high earning man, uh works in tech or finance, is still single, is looking for, you know, looking for companionship or looking for a partner. What would be, you know, what would kind of what would be their fears? What would be their frustrations? what would be their wants? What would be their aspirations? And it'll give you the fears, frustrations, wants, and aspirations. Now, you can take the 
[263:16] fears, frustrations, wants, and aspirations and start to build headlines, and hooks around those. So, you're not just thinking, hey, let me build a hook for the avatar. You're thinking, let me build a hook for the fear or for the frustration or the want or the aspiration. It'll allow you to play with it a little better. By the way, it doesn't matter if it's just that avatar. You should be doing this for all your avatars, regardless of who they are in any >> thousand%. The number one mistake successful men make that kills attraction instantly. Well, see that's >> why rejection hurts more for high achievers than how to beat it. >> You can close million-dollar deals, but you freeze when talking to a woman. >> My goodness, >> dude. That's so good. Savage. >> When in doubt, >> smart in business, clueless in dating. >> I said answer these like Leila Horosi. >> It's my uh >> it's your AI. Yeah, >> it's my I built my own AI with all my company information in it. But but while this is a a little sidebar, I will also tell you we use the same process in our recruiting and hiring process, right? So if you're if you're hiring for a, you know, I'll make this up. If you're 
[264:17] hiring an operator or or a COO in your business, like you we should ask, hey, what are their fears? What are their frustrations? What are their wants? What are their aspirations? What would they fear? What would they be frustrated by? A CEO is going to deeply be frustrated by you controlling everything that the COO does, right? And so that way you can write a job description associated with matching the fears, matching the frustrations, matching the wants, and matching the aspirations. You will write a significantly better description. You'll have a significantly better technical set of interview questions. But we should do we use the fear, frustrations, wants, aspirations framework a lot because it allows you a lot more empathy to put yourself in their shoes. >> Yeah. Sorry I couldn't come up with the hooks. I can see the comments. I'm not a man 35 to 55 dating women. >> Yeah. Hard to >> Okay, let's go here. Um, okay. Hold on, guys. All the free stuff comes on Tuesday. Just if you remember, Alex only said it 17 times, but I just want to repeat it again because I see the comments that I'm an Um, it comes on Tuesday. It will be delivered to your inbox. Promise you guys. 
[265:18] The scroll is not working. All right, let's go. We're an accounting firm and just brought on our new CFO to lead our bookkeeping and advisory functions. What would you recommend as the most effective 90-day onboarding plan to ensure they're integrated quickly, drive value, and set the foundation for long-term success? I feel like you just kind of did this. >> Kind of did this. >> Yeah. >> Um I'll start and then maybe you have some perspective on it. So the whenever you bring folks into a deep finance function, you have to realize that um they are the one team that almost touches every team in some way. So if a if a finance leader does not have good relationships with the rest of the leaders in the company, it is going to be very very difficult. That's absolutely the number one thing that I would suggest. So, uh, your finance leader should come in and have really good kind of get to know you one-on- ones with everyone in the company. And then that conversation is related directly to, hey, what are your goals and how do you see that impacting the financials? Say, what are your goals in 
[266:19] technology? How do you see that impacting financials? Say, what are your goals? That should be the question that they ask. So, that gives this finance leader some context. Second big thing, if anything that your finance leader can do is in their first 30 days, their entire job is to do one thing is to build a dashboard. Nothing else. If they can build a dashboard of everything that the leadership wants to see, then the next 60 and 90 days are entirely built on getting that dashboard to light up accordingly. Otherwise, you don't know what you're actually focused on and what's actually important because then at the end of those 90 days, you get one single dashboard that based on conversations has been the most important thing that is to be bubbled up. And then all the other work that's done is to fill out that dashboard and make that come to life. With that, you as the leader of the company are going to be like, "Wait a minute. This one thing alone, this one tool which is this interface to my entire finance department has been solved. You probably have so much more transparency and you get to make decisions better and your finance leader can be uh effective much better much faster. Those would be two things. Now I will tell you the third thing if you don't have a high 
[267:19] performing CFO right now in the organization the one thing that is generally broken which we work work on a lot is probably money controls >> right and let me tell you about how money controls work. It's like, hey, um, Leila wants to wire money. Sure. Well, if there's no control on another approver on the money, then you have no idea. That stuff will break very quickly because someone can hack Leila's email. Anything can happen. So, money controls are really important. So, just controls are pitching and catching. Someone says something, some the other person wants to do something. You have two people approved. Anything that is money related. The thing that breaks in most organizations is you don't have money controls. When you don't have money controls, uh you don't know you're you're you stay awake at night and kind of these bother you, you know, much le you get you get stressed because you you're not sure if someone's embezzling from you. You're not sure if the right bill fell to the, you know, bottom of the pile, etc. So, three things that I would have one have the right meetings with the right leaders so that everyone knows what their priorities are that connect with financials. Number two, set up the dashboard so that everyone can kind of contribute to that. And third, make sure controls are in the right 
[268:20] place. >> It's really good. Let's see uh some questions there. This one's got uh turned off. What about for nail salons? Do you have any advice on how to scale? You know, nail salons is an interesting one because I happen to be a customer. Um and I think that the industry has definitely changed because of Instagram and Tik Tok. So, it used to be that you go to a nail salon and it's like, you know, just having acrylic nails, having gel nails was enough. Now you're looking at the best of the best always as inspiration on Instagram, on Tik Tok, on Pinterest. And so I've talked to a few different uh artists and salons about this. And here's what I've seen is that um the best nail salons that I have seen that were able to scale and actually have six to 10 to 15 locations, which guys is not many in a nail salon industry. There are so few. They're mostly owner operated. There are very few chains that are successful and actually make good profit. The two that 
[269:21] I have seen, they did a couple things. One is that they had a very clear career path for people that were doing nails. So for the artists, they had a clear career path where essentially they had a tier almost like with sales, you've got, you know, the outbound callers, you've got the SDRs, you've got a junior sales rep, a senior sales rep, a VP, like you have the ascension. They had that for the nail artists. And so what it meant was that the more skill, the better they got at doing nails, the more money they made. That's the biggest thing. The reason why a lot of salons fail and a lot of artisticbased service companies fail, think tattoos, think hair, think anything that takes talent. You can even think injections. Um they fail because they don't know. They don't have a talent attraction retention machine. You are in the business of talent, my friend. You are not in the business of nails. And so the same goes for injections, the same goes for hair. You are all about finding and retaining talent. We do that a lot at acquisition.com because we are in the business of talent to make a lot of our 
[270:21] stuff work. And so what I will tell you is this. You have to be able to present a better compensation package in some way for them. And pres when I say compensation package, um I'm talking about not just the growth of the career, but also all the things around that, right? And this is how I would be thinking about it if I were you. I have to create a compensation package incentivizing enough that when they think I could just go start my own salon, I could do my own mobile business. Instead, they think it's just not worth it. I'm just making enough here and I've got enough growth. And like when they weigh it out, it it's just too close. >> So, you got to get close enough because you're not competing with another nail salon or a hair salon or an injection whatever. You're competing with the opportunity to do it on their own. Yeah. >> And so when you're in the talent business, you're not competing against another business. You're competing against their ability to go do this on their own. And that's what you have to remember. >> So good. >> Would you add anything there? >> No. So good. I think uh just to reiterate one thing that Ila said, if most people can't see a a path in which 
[271:24] if they did good work that over time they can grow, they can make more money, they can have more success, then we have some we have an opportunity there. And so it's may that just be title, may that be status, may that be, you know, vesting of shares, may they be they make more on an hourly rate, maybe they they get a team, whatever it may be, it doesn't matter if if you're a flat organization, you have to end up rewarding people for showing up every day and doing good work day after day. And so if I believe that I could show up and do good work and the longer I stayed here and I would be better off, then I want to stay. And and so the the longer they stay there like, man, I've been here so long, it makes no sense for me to go out on my own and reset up all of this again. >> Oh my gosh, pain. >> It's so hard to do. So just give people a a growth path in in some way. And it always doesn't have to be monetary. >> Yeah, that's 100% true because a lot of them I mean I remember them saying like they're like, I didn't need to make I was talking to one of the artists um I talked to because I tried out like seven different nail artists before I picked mine and I she's like it's not like I have to make the same money I would make 
[272:25] on my own. She's like, "But I just need to know that if I put in more work, I made more money." >> Of course, >> that's all. It's like you want to get reward for your work. You're like, "I just want to know that I'm not stuck at this the rest of my life." Which I think a lot of people think. And I think I'm just going to actually talk to that for a second. Like, uh, guys, if you own a business, demeaning people working for you is the absolute worst thing right now that we can do. I think that uh work has gotten a really bad rap. Being an employee has gotten a really bad rap. And a lot of people undervalue being on a team now. So, like as you guys are, you know, maybe you got the bundle, maybe you did the 6K, maybe you're doing the free, maybe you're just reading the book, like it's not just about the business, it's about the impact that you have through employing people, through creating a place where people can work. And like I say this a lot, but I'm like, let's make work cool again. Because the way that we do that is by being cool freaking bosses, guys. Like, if you guys build amazing businesses and you create amazing opportunities for people, we can change the way that people see entrepreneurs, business owners, etc. The 
[273:28] reason that they get a bad rap is because they treat people poorly and then and then people generalize it to everybody else. And so it's like we have a responsibility to not just make our customers lives better, but make our teammates and our employees and our partners' lives better. There's a an concept, you've probably heard of this, um uh but John Mackey from he he started Whole Foods, >> he talked about how um it has to be a win-win win-win. And so it was like a win for the customer, a win for the employee, a win for the partners, a win for the investors, a win for the community. And if it wasn't a win for all of them, that they didn't move forward. And that is how I've approached acquisition.com is like, I have to make it a win for everybody. This book launch has to be a win for everybody. The advisory practice has to be a win for everybody. The portfolio, every company we take on has to be a win for everybody. And so as you guys approach your business, think about it in that aspect. If you're making decisions where somebody's losing, then you just haven't gotten creative enough. You haven't beat the idea up enough. >> I don't know if >> No, it's so good. 
[274:28] >> Um I I'll tie back to the money models for a second. And the reason why Alex talks about this so much is I remember Alex in my first conversation like about this topic maybe five six years ago and I was explaining to him that the the term I came up with and he you know he he shares this now which is businesses that are in the 1 to three million I call them like swamp of success right which is great like you are in the swamp and and the swamp is one but the most important part about that is you're not in the swamp you're in the swamp of success you're like I just made two $3 million and I'm stuck here for for a while now the reason is that when you make that much money, what you what you actually take home, you don't have enough to hire an A player. So, let me give you the example around this. I I talked to Leila about this often, which is that your job is to pay a lot of money to hire A players. You have to let the A players because they're good run a really good business. You have a very lucrative business model. That is your job to set up a really lucrative business model. Then you take all the profits in the lucrative business model and you go hire more A players. Like that is the entire A player cycle, right? And we get stuck 
[275:29] because we want to hire an employer and then they leave. Well, you're like, of course they left because you don't have a lucrative business model to pay them more money. So our job as owners, business owners, CEOs, leaders of companies is to set up a business model where you can make a lot of money. And that is what this all about. Like we're not the reason we are wanting to share this with the world is that we want you all to make more money. >> Yeah. >> So that you can have you can hire more A players and make work cool again. So that that is the main idea. So if you had a lot of free cash flow, you could do a lot with it like buying more time, getting better people, etc. So this is really important. So do something with it. >> Yeah. And it's actually interesting to say is like, you know, you guys, if you you buy the book, you get the bundle, you apply the playbooks, and you're like, "Wow, I'm making a lot of money now. This is cool. What do I do with this money?" Like really think about this. You know, the reason why does a business when it makes more money, what do you do next? you invest that money somewhere where you're going to get returns on that money. Now, where are you going to get return on that money? It's like you're probably going to get better returns putting your money into 
[276:30] some aspect of your business if you've already had success by creating money in that business than you are by taking it and investing in some crazy ridiculous I don't even know. You guys are into so many things. I mean, Alex talking about NFTs and crypto. I don't touch that Like real estate, you know, like that's great. But like in general, you guys, that's that's where you get the the opportunity. So like for acquisition.com, for example, you know, I tell people this a lot. I'm like, yeah, all we do is just make the money and then once we have a big pile of money, we say, "What can we buy to make our business bigger?" >> And you just do that over and over and over and over again. And so, um, that's how you build something big. That's how it compounds. And it's, uh, you know, I think a lot of people, they look at somebody in business and they think, gosh, what do they have that I don't have? And it's like all it is is that they're willing to take the bet over and over again. >> Think about this, right? How many of us, we take the bet when we first start the business. We say, you know, I'm going to take all my money. I'm going to bet it on my business. And then we never do it again. Then we just say, it should feed me for the rest of my life. I should only be taking from it. But your 
[277:30] business is like a relationship. You have to nurture it. You have to give into you have to deposit into it if you want it to deposit back to you. And so it means taking the money and reinvesting into it so you can get more from it. And the cool thing is that if you reinvest enough and you have the right money model, you can create something that withstands the test of time and doesn't need you eventually. And so that you can then say, okay, now how do I want to give back in a bigger way? And that's what allows us to have a bigger impact on the world as entrepreneurs than anybody else. I mean, if you look at even, you know, I'm not going to get political, but like how a lot of the best politicians of all time, they started as business owners. >> And so there's just so much more that we can do. If we can master this, then it's like the sky's is the limit, guys. The skills that you master in business can apply to any other area of your life. I'm not even talking about money miles no more. We've just gone off the rail, unhinged at this point. Where's Alex? >> Uh Leila, your opinion on creating a personal growth challenge for couples in communication. If I collaborate with private therapists, how do I price the workshop if I want to create a model? So 
[278:33] very tactical. Probably need a lot more context on that. Yeah, I would say in general if you're creating a course for couples on communication, I would probably avoid partnering with a therapist at first and instead just relay that idea to a therapist or to a practitioner and see if it's even something that they think is uh viable for the business. So, it's like you kind of want to beat up the idea before you go and try and do something, right? And so it's like anytime I have an idea for something in business, I'm like, "All right, I want to go bring this to people who would have tangible insight about it." So it's basically like find your target customers, your target partners, bring it to them, have them beat it up, and then tell you if they think it makes sense to do something like that. I will also say if you're relying on a partner to make a business work, then you have essentially two clients in the business, which is like you have your partner who becomes like a customer in a way, and then you have your customer who's your customer. And so you from the get-go you have two people you serve. And so I think in general with that model what I 
[279:34] would say is just take a step back and say who do I want my customer to be. Do I want it to be the practitioners or do I want it to be the customer? And then try just one of those paths before you try and partner to sell something to somebody else's customer because it's going to add a lot of complexity too soon. It's an example of that is um when we started our company Allen uh the first thing we did was we just went direct to the customer and then we did it long enough to say you know what I actually think it would be easier if we were able to do this to the agency owner who then gave it to the customer and then we made that jump after 10 months and then we said okay we we found out enough about it this works better and it worked out really well but if we had gone straight to that it wouldn't have worked because we wouldn't have figured out and gotten all the feedback from the customer first. So, I would say before you go serving two people, just try and serve one. >> So, good. Awesome. >> You gonna bring it home. >> All right. >> Papa Mosie, >> ladies and gentlemen, give it up for Mr. >> Alexi. Alexi. >> Thank you guys so much. Um, so I think so, first off, thank you guys. I uh I 
[280:36] actually had to dry my shoe off a little bit so I could put it back on. But this is the original beer show. Um, and I uh I took a I had a I had a sandwich and uh and now I'm ready to rock and roll. So, um, what we're going to do is we're going to have, um, the team do a little hormoney hotline. Uh, and so they're going to hand y'all's calls. And so, I think in the chat, they're going to let you know how to do it. Um, but any questions you guys have, um, I will be here to answer them, uh, about about the offer, about money models, about your business, anything. It's going to be open mic chromosy hotline style. Should be lots of fun. And, um, hopefully this exciting. This is kind of cool. I think it's kind of cool. Um, I mean, kind of just broke a Guinness World Record and now we're just seeing if we can uh get to the third fastest selling book of all time, which would be neat. J, we're just, you know, JK is still the goat. I want to be clear. JK, you're you're you'll always be the goat no matter what. All right. Thank you. Okay, I need 
[281:36] a chair and then we're good to go. Okay, let's rock. So, do we have uh do we have a little little telephano action? Put this trash down there. No one needs water bottles. Okay. Hopefully you guys uh enjoyed this as much as we enjoyed putting it on for you guys. It's been a wild day. I got up at uh I think 2:55 this morning. H >> They're grabbing the phone. >> They're grabbing the phone. Okay. Well, so uh I'll actually if you guys drop some in the chat, I'll just see if I can 16-year-old entrepreneur starting out. Uh just start doing something, man. I mean, it's really it. Okay, here we go. We're going to get uh some texted. We good? We live. Okay, great. Um those green guys cooked very well. Thank you. Back from the toilet. No, no, I didn't. I actually just ate lunch. Um 
[282:38] because they were like you haven't eaten since, you know, this morning. Do live calls. That is the goal. Uh I guess they uh you know, I'll be like you got this is uh just guys know like this is real time figuring it out. We had no idea that this would go um this well. You guys are awesome. Um I'm actually looking forward to having another tall boy after this. I'll tell you that much. Uh beyond that, Alex went to pound town. That's aggressive. Uh 17-year-old entrepreneur in AI Well, I'll say this. I'll bring up the Let's talk about the AI stuff really quickly. So, in a world of AI, your general understanding of business is going to be important because you ultimately are going to be the ones who has to dictate the strategy and the decision-m of the brand and the business that you make. And anybody who's actually used the AI things like they have a bias for uh agreement. And so, if you say, should I do this or that like it's I don't think the decision- making that is there is that is that high quality in my opinion. And I think that there's a very large opportunity uh to use them to a high degree primarily 
[283:41] to do excuse me, do stuff rather than make your decisions for you. I think them informing decisions I think is a good idea. Uh but I think strategy, at least for the short term, uh you'll need a little bit more. And I mean, imagine getting to the end of your life and being like, I didn't make any of these decisions the robot did. It's like, is it really your life anymore? I don't know when I think about that kind of stuff. Uh that being said, uh for those of you who did choose to to do the Super Bowler bonus, uh which was on the thank you page, super excited to to have you guys and work for the next six months. Okay. I don't know the password to this phone, by the way. You want to just tell me what it is? All right. Great. All right. Ready for your call? Okay, Chloe, we're going. All right, Chloe, let's see how this goes. Let's see if the mic can even pick this up. All right. >> Hey, can you hear me, my friend? >> Hey, Chloe. What's going on? >> Hey, it's so nice to to chat with you again. So, um, super excited. My 
[284:44] coaching business operates through a webinar funnel, >> okay? >> And use affiliates to get people to the training. So, the coaching program is $2,497. Affiliates get $1,000 commission per enroll. And then we have a continuation offer of $2.49 a month or $2,490 a year. >> So $24.99 is the offer. You pay a,000 bucks in affiliate commissions, right? >> Yes. >> Okay, that's fine. Got that. And then um and then after the 249 it goes to what? 249 a month. >> Yeah. >> Okay.$249 a month. How long is the program? >> So the initial program is 12 weeks. The continuation offer is I mean either we hope to get them in at the annual price which they all have chosen um but people could do it at$249 a month just monthly >> but most people do three grand a year. >> Yes. >> Okay. Got it. So this is 3k per year on the back. Got it. So um what's the So do you pay any commissions on that? >> No. 
[285:44] >> Okay. Got it. So what's the issue? >> Yep. So on average our affiliates are generating 77,000 for us. And so my question is on which >> uh no per partnership. So when they partner with us, it's a one-time thing. Yeah. Some of them have chosen to do it again. >> Got it. >> So my question is on which next money model step to prioritize. So it could either be a high ticket offer for the affiliates because a lot of them on our partnership calls are also asking me for coaching. Yeah. >> Or it could be to further increase the LTV for current coaching clients. No, I think that your I think where you'll get the most leverage, this is this is not a a money model thing. This is a strategy thing. >> Um is if you're you said you make $77,000 on average per affiliate that you do a partnership with, right? >> Yes. >> So I think the idea would be okay if we do $77,000 per affiliate partnership, how do we get them to do it four times a year or twice a year rather than just once and then never again? >> Right. So what's revenue right now and how many partnerships do you do a year? >> Yep. So we um this is actually thanks to 
[286:46] the VAM days. We're just starting to scale this a bit more. So >> we are hoping to do about four to eight webinars per month over the next 12 months and pack them out with 10 to 12 affiliates per webinar. >> Amazing. So what's revenue then or what's it pacing right now? >> Right now? >> Yeah, right now it's pacing at like 250K a month and we're hoping to get it >> at least double that in the next six months. Okay, got it. So, the the long-term like what makes this business into something that's really attractive long term is that you build a base of affiliates because basically they become your distribution. >> And so then that becomes the most valuable part of your business. And so the idea is like okay, I have access to this network of call it, you know, 200 affiliates and those affiliates on average do two times per year at, you know, 77K. Um, and then that becomes a reliable because remember there's two ways you can have a business that continues to grow. You either have stuff that people never stop buying or you have people that never stop selling for 
[287:47] you. And so this is a people never stop selling for you type model. And so it's like okay if every year you just keep adding 10 20 30 affiliates to the business um then the business will just keep continuing to compound as you know provided those affiliates can get leads etc. Right? And so that to me is like I would just be thinking this is like medium medium term. How do I reactivate as many of the affiliates as possible and after every time they do a launch? How do I just immediately book them for the next one? So it's like great that was awesome. Let's book you six or nine months from now uh and let's get it going again because like hey why not do it twice a year. You get 150,000 a year just from doing this. That sounds like a pretty good deal. >> Amazing. Thank you. I appreciate that. >> No you bet. That would be like that would be my first my first thing because if we can just retain them, it's like you're doing three or four, you know, affiliate launches a month or whatever. It's like, yeah, but you're every month you got to go and get other ones. It's like let's let's build this this base of 50, 100, 200 affiliates and know that we're going to do 14 million twice a year from 200 affiliates. 
[288:48] >> Yeah, >> that's how I'd approach it. >> I appreciate that. Thank you. Congrats again. >> Oh, thank you. It was It was a joint win. It was a team win. Thank you. I appreciate it. All right. Next up on Hermosi Hotline. Here we go. Stephen. Hey, Stephen. Looks can be to Stephen. That's a Taylor Swift reference. I have I've listened to her. >> Oh, hello. This is Steve Scott. >> What's up, Steve Scott? How's it going? You're on Herozi Hotline. Hi. How are you guys? >> Good. Good. Tell me about the business. what's uh what's holding you back or what questions you got about money models or anything? >> Uh sounds great. I um didn't expect to be on it so soon, but uh so right now it's scaling. Um I currently have uh a farm USDA certified two uh tea shops that is associated. So we grow herbs and we uh we blend for medicinal purpose. 
[289:49] And so we have a kind of a line of uh organic herbs, herbal, you know, things to help you sleep or uh uh you know, digest, circulation, detoxing, you know, they're all kind of geared towards something specific. >> So you you have a farm, you sell supplements that are natural. Does that sound? >> Uh not supplements, herbal like pure herbal blended tea. So we have a selection of white, green, black. Yeah. >> Yeah. I heard. Yes. You grow the stuff, you sell it. Okay. So what's uh what's revenue? What's the issue? Well, right now, um, you know, our revenue, we're probably, uh, 75,000 a year, really new, is a couple, we've only been in business a couple years now, so, you know, we're not really breaking 100,000 a year. And >> we're having a we're having trouble in this area. Um, you know, like I said, scaling. >> We sell locally. We have we're in a couple of grow about five grocery stores right now. um couple of mom and pop uh restaurants, you know, things like that. 
[290:50] So, we we bottle our tea as well. Uh no sugar, no caffeine or anything like that. Um really the the the issue is uh >> uh remaining profitable while we scale and we we were profitable slightly and then we've just, you know, we expanded. We do, you know, four or five markets a week. >> Yeah. >> As well. So, I mean, we're just hustling right now. >> Yeah. um trying to be able to uh uh understand pay for employees, right? >> So I think if you were like so you've got the bottles, right, that you brew it and then you you sell those. So that's thing one. >> Uh then you've got the herbs in the you're selling leaves, right? >> Yeah. So we grow I mean we we uh we grow about uh say 30 different herbs that we blend with our proprietary uh you know recipes. So we have that line but we also source teas from Japan, China and Sri Lanka. So we have know those things as well but then we also bottled those herbal blends. >> So Stephen, I'm going to give you just a a general piece of advice that you may 
[291:50] or may not listen to but will be the thing that will make your business grow. >> You need to do you needed fewer things. >> Fewer things. Absolutely. >> So like so I'm going to list out what you just said. So it's like you've got the the markets that you're going after, right? You've got you got those things that you're doing on a regular basis. >> You said you've got four or five groceries that you're consistently selling to. And I'm sure there's some relationship management that's, you know, has to go with that. >> Absolutely. >> And then you've got uh then you've got your bottle thing, right? You've got bottling the tees, etc. Then you've got your buying, you're wholesaling other people's tees, >> right? And then on top of that, you have your own tees, uh, that you're, you know, drying and selling and blending with your own, you know, proprietary blends, etc., right? It's just like you're doing you're doing like five things and you're only generating $75,000 a year, which means that you're not doing any of them super well. And if cash flow is an issue, we need to get rid of the stuff that's uh hard on cash flow. So, I would get rid of the bottling right off the bat because that's like you're not going to scale with that until you have a tremendous amount more money. And so, what we need to do, I don't know if you heard on the 
[292:51] on the launch earlier, but Tom Billy was talking about like when they were scaling Quest. The thing is is like retail is eventually where you're going to end up, but it's not necessarily where you're going to start. Sure. >> And so the idea would be to how can we generate as much brand demand as humanly possible such that these retail stores eventually even maybe locally start reaching back out to you saying, "Hey, people are coming to the store every day asking for your stuff. Now I'm willing to carry it because then you'll have more leverage and then you can ultimately, you know, price higher and then make more profit, right?" >> Yes. >> So I if I look at all this stuff, I'm going to guess that your proprietary blends are going to be the highest margin. Is that correct? >> Absolutely. And it's it's not even a Exactly. That's it. >> Right. So if you've got the one thing that's proprietary to you and also aligned with the narrative and that's the one that makes the most profit, then it's like great. This is a pretty easy decision. This is the thing that's unique. It has the story and it makes the money. So now I think what I would be looking at right now is how do I get people on Tik Tok shop and people are in that space to promote this stuff? And I would be selling straight e-commerce, straight to consumer because this is 
[293:51] lighter. So you can you can ship these herbs way faster and you can scale this thing to the moon. You don't have to be limited to wherever you're at. So no having said that I was somebody's reaching out currently and has pushed me to go on Tik Tok. So I am currently in the process of review and getting my products on you know on on Tik Tok itself. >> Um so no that that's where we're going as far as the the other things. I mean >> um the stores are just now reaching out to us. I mean that was the thing that happened this year instead of us calling and doing the the you know they actually coming to us at this point. But uh >> you know um we do it's one of those things we are doing too much. It's three or four markets a week at minimum as well as the wholesale all that. So >> right so let me just say the version of your business what we what we need to get to. All right. So we need to get to you doing TE's you selling TE's in proprietary blends and selling UGC via creators and ads. That's it. And then your next constraint is going to be you can't grow the stuff fast enough. Once you get there you can call back again. 
[294:51] >> Thank you very much sir. I again >> but that means that everything that I didn't say wasn't included which means that wholesaling you're going to have to wind down. I would me personally I wouldn't want to manage the relationship of the of the grocerers. I would rather kind of hold back cuz starting the wholesaling business is a whole another thing. You know what I mean? Like I just want the main thing the te's that you grow to be profitable and you sell them at a good margin. Build the brand behind that and then that's going to give you the leverage long term. >> Gotcha. And you know I need to mention that we do bobas and matchas and things like that. It's a tea shop cafe. You know, it's a lot. So, >> yeah. Pick one. Go all in. >> Perfect. >> All right. Thanks, David. You bet. All right. Bye. >> All right. >> Hermosi hotline coming to a call near you. Gustavo Gus Lounge Bar. Let's go. >> You guys digging this? >> Hello. >> Hello. What's up, guys? >> How's it going, man? >> Excellent. Talk to me about the 
[295:52] business. Gustavo's Lounge. All right. What's revenue? What's the problem? >> Well, so the revenue is kind of flat. Um there's not really any returns. >> Well, what what's the number? What's revenue? >> Um >> it's your first name. No one's going to know. >> It it'd be u zero zero return. >> No. No. Like >> basically >> you have a lounge, right? >> Yes, sir. >> Okay. But no, I don't care. Not not your returns. What's your revenue? What do you do in monthly sales? >> Oh, well, so it's about a th000 a month. >> How do you pay rent? >> Uh, I pay rent uh yearly. >> Okay. So, you're doing $1,000 a month. What's your rent? >> Yes, sir. The rent is about 2,500. >> Well, that's definitely less. Okay. So, $2,500 in rent. How long you been in this lease? >> I've been in it for about a year or so. So, you just paid your your second year just now. 
[296:53] >> Yes, sir. >> Got it. Okay. How big is How many square feet you got? >> How much? I'm sorry. >> How many square feet? >> Oh, uh, it's about 300 square feet. >> Damn. Okay, got it. So, 300 square feet. And what do you sell at this at this lounge? Do you sell hookas? Do you sell alcohol? Like, what do you sell? So, we sell alcohol. Um, and then also kind of like some touch-up things for skin. I know it sounds like a little bit weird, but like >> Yeah, it does sound weird. >> Um, some some uh some side things like some lotions and uh skin care products. >> Why? >> Um and then just because um >> well, did someone smaller community? >> Okay. And so it's more for people kind of um having to go on a walk or something like that, have a place to 
[297:53] stop by and kind of chill out for a bit. >> I'm so confused. Okay. So, how many people are in the local area that you live in? >> It'd be about 40 people in in the community that supporting. >> Wait, >> it's it's a very small community. Um, >> well, I mean, is this You got 40 people and you're trying to I mean, >> Yes, sir. >> What do you want to have happen? >> I I would like for it to just restabilize and um go on the up and up a little bit. >> Well, you only have 40 customers. You know them all, right? >> Um, pretty much. Yeah. >> I mean, are you in the middle of nowhere or like is this like a commune? like what is this? >> Uh yeah, it's a it's a commune um for a smaller city. It has a lot of people that come in and out traveling. 
[298:55] >> So you're a tourist city >> basically. Yeah. >> But then there's 40 locals. >> Yes, sir. >> And then how many tourists come through? Um, on the average I would say maybe 150 per week that go in and out of the town. >> Why did you start this business? >> Because you're obviously not making money. So like why did you start it? To be honest, sir, it was to be able to help somebody else out so that they have a stable business license and to be able to um support their own family. >> Well, that's obviously not working, right? >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, that's not >> when you have I mean it's like you're trying to make money in what what sounds like a very poor 
[299:56] rural area that has 150 total human beings that walk through that are new every week. >> Yes, sir. >> That's tough, man. >> It is. It is. Um I guess I'm not even looking for that much money in return um just for some stability. I'm just like, why bother do this? >> Well, it would allow some travel opportunities for the person that runs it for me. >> Runs it for you. >> Yes, sir. >> Why don't you just have him like make YouTube videos and do it from wherever he wants? There's just so many other ways to make money that have superior like just that are just super like you are capped by the 40 locals and the 150 randos who walk through there. that like that's the cap. And >> yeah, >> I don't know if like oh I just I feel like you should just do something else. There's so many other ways to make money. Basically, you're operating within the constraints of a system that are completely unnecessary. If the goal is how can I support this 
[300:58] guy or help this person make money. It's like just plug into the internet. Plug into the internet. You go wherever you want. Like you're limited by 150 people in your local area. So just like don't limit yourself to them. Just go to the other three billion people on the internet and you can do that any day of the week. >> I see. So would it be worth investing in some advertisements for this business or >> No. >> No. >> No. >> There's Dude, there's 40 people. You know them all. You just text them. There's no advertising. You just text the people. You're like, "Hello, come by." >> But like I don't think you're hearing what I'm saying though. I don't think this is worth pursuing. >> I see. You have $2,500 a month in rent, right? So, if you wanted to run a 50% margin business, assuming your your your buddy is going to be running this now, $2,500 a month in profit is I'm I'm guessing it's super low that your what your targets are here. >> Yeah, it is. >> Right. So, 25 So, he's got to make a hundred bucks a day. So, 3,000 like 100 bucks a day profit. So, let's just double that and say with the cost of the 
[302:00] business, whatever it's he's got to make $200 a day. All right. So, $200 a day, 30 days, but he's not going to work. I'm getting the vibe that this guy's not going to work seven days a week, right? >> Yeah. No, it's more five days a week. >> Yeah. Okay. So, we got 24 days that we got to make $250 a day now in gross revenue. And so, you basically have to have, you know, I don't know what you charge, but like I'm guessing it's not a lot for alcohol and stuff. So, like basically I want to challenge the premise of the question, which is that like this is not a game. you should is there's some games that aren't worth playing. I'm going to take this to the national extreme to explain the point. If I said I live on the top of Mount Everest, now that's a destination. Let's go to something random. I live in in the in just a random I I live in the middle of nowhere. Truly, I live in the Sahara Desert. Okay. I have a lounge in the middle of the Sahara Desert. What should I do to grow my lounge in the middle of the Sahara Desert? 
[303:03] >> I guess uh you're right. The I guess the best option would be to move location. >> No, the best option is not to move locations. The best option is to do a different business. >> Unless you want to go to New York and like compete with the club, you know, be like go to somewhere where there's people. Like if you want to have a local business, go where people are. >> I see. >> And if if people aren't there and you want to have this remote lifestyle, whatever, then plug into the internet. You can do that wherever you want. And if your buddy and and I'll say this, this is just me to you. All right? So taking your buddy outside of it, maybe he's right next to you. Who knows? You're not responsible for this person at some point because it sounds like this person's an adult at some point. They got to take their own like they got they got to man up or woman up. Like they got they got to work. They got to figure this out for themselves. Like you're you're hanging your own life back. >> All right. >> So yeah, >> I'm going to I'm going to dip, but like these are these are your action steps. You need to not take responsibility for 
[304:04] someone else's life who's an adult and you need to switch opportunity vehicles into something that can actually make the amount of money that is required and that guy or gal can learn how to do that in like not long. This is like you you have internet where you're at. >> Yes, I do. >> Yeah. So then they can find out what to do on the internet. Really easy. >> Okay. >> Learn one skill and then message people about it or post content about it. It's all you can do. That's all you have to do. Very simple. >> Okay, >> cool. >> Well, that that is very helpful advice. Actually, I think I will be um cutting my losses then. >> Well, good, man. It's not a loss if you It's not a loss if you move forward faster. All right. >> All right. >> All right. Appreciate you guys. >> Yep. Appreciate you, man. Keep doing what you're doing. You, too. Well, man. >> All right. See you. >> All right. Now, we're going to Luke, 21 years old. All right, Luke. Let's dance. Let's dance, Luke. 
[305:07] >> Hello, this is Luke. >> Salutations, Luke. Greetings. >> Is this Alex Hermosi? >> You're on the Hermosi hotline. >> What's the business? How much you making? What's the problem? >> Yes, sir. >> So, this is the Timber Garage. It's a handmade table company here in Ohio. We're doing 500K topline, 30% IBIDA. >> Oh, I love And basically uh we're doing uh 10 to one um LTV to CAC. So pretty healthy numbers there. Great. >> Um but >> basically my my question is when we're building super high-end products and you know manu manufacturing them ourselves oftent times these are products that people keep in their homes for you know 20 30 years. How do you create recurring revenue or you know make them buy multiple times? >> Warranties warranties annual maintenance and then the accessories. Okay. >> And I offer I offer a lifetime warranty currently. Should I make that an upsell? >> Correct. And >> gifts that they can give their friends because their friends are going to have holidays on a regular basis. 
[306:08] >> Okay. Can could you give me a quick example of that? >> So you I'm sure you do wood stuff, right? >> Yes. >> So some sort of theme that's similar to that that they can give to their friends would be something that I would consider as like the accessories, things that they can get like, "Oh, that that bowl is so cute that you put on top of your coffee table." It's like, "Oh, we can give it as a gift." But I mean the if I had to do one thing it would just be uh warranties would be the upsell and maintenance. Those are the two. >> Okay. Gotcha. And so then um as as far as those small gifts, what price point do you come in at that? Do you make it something that's fairly high ticket like our AOBS right around 5K or do you make it those small things like a bowl or a cutting board like you just mentioned? >> I mean you can still make them expensive. I would probably be looking at stuff that's like 10 to 20% of the price but like 90% plus margins. >> Gotcha. Okay. And then based off of what I'm telling you right now, is there anything else that you you see I'm missing as an opportunity? >> No, I mean I think you just need more, right? You just need to sell more. You need more more advertising. >> Yeah. This is an advertising thing. If people really happy with it and they get good reviews, this is just a pure >> Yeah. It's a pure brand and advertising 
[307:09] thing. And then the issue that's going to come up next after that is going to be your supply of like how how many of these tables can you make? And at that point, you're going to have one decision to make, which is like, do I want to start going high-end and go to 15, you know, 15 $25,000 tables, or do I want to start, you know, machining this so I can sell even more. >> Gotcha. Okay, awesome. That that sounds amazing. I'll absolutely implement that immediately. >> Rock and roll, Luke. Appreciate you. >> Thank you, Alex. >> No, you bet, man. Congrats on the business. Really good. >> Thank you, sir. >> All right. Well, I can't wait to see the tables. >> Thank you. Take care. >> You, too, man. That was good. That was good. You had good business. All right. Now I got to remember what this passcode was. Let's see if I can remember it. Nice. Nailed it. Still got it. Still got it. Amanda Watti or Wadey. Amanda Wadey. Amanda Wadey. All right, Amanda. Let's rock. You guys doing a little hormony hotline. >> Hello, Amanda speaking. >> Hello, Alex speaking. How are you? 
[308:09] >> I'm great. How are you, Alex? >> Excellent. Tell me about the business. What's the problem? >> Yeah. So, I was kind of put in a very unique situation about two months ago when the workplace I was working for decided to close their doors. >> Okay. >> I had lots of customers who loved what they were doing and wanted to keep going. Okay. >> But didn't have anywhere to go and they decided to close. So, I decided to start up my own business >> and basically I run offmarket Thank you. Basically, I run offmarket deal sourcing campaigns for um M&A professionals via >> cold email outbound market. >> Yeah. >> Sorry, I was just walking. I had to stop at a bench here and talk to you. >> No, that's great. Okay, so you're finding deals. You're sourcing deals and then you get what? A finder fee. >> Basically, I run 2K a month uh per campaign per client and I have several clients right now. I know I can only scale this to a certain point with just having me here and I've got a lot of things automated. So, okay, I can probably scale it to about 30k 30 to 50k 
[309:09] a month just myself. >> So, each of them pays you $2,000 a month. Is that correct? >> Sorry. >> They each pay you $2,000 a month. >> Yeah. >> Okay. So, they all pay you >> 15 to >> Got it. >> And I can probably do about 15 to 20 clients roughly by myself before needing to hire on more people. >> How many you got now? Uh, right now I've got about three. Most of the people that wanted to sign up are holding off till September just because M&A summer is slow. >> So you have three. >> I'm probably going to double that next month. >> So you have three and then you're going to get to six. >> Six to 10 next month. Yeah. >> Okay. Got it. Okay, cool. So you'll be at, >> you know, 12 or more, right? 12 plus K a month. >> Exactly. Yeah. >> Okay. Fantastic. All right. So what is the uh what is the question here? That sounds like a decent plan. >> So my question is, as I'm growing a business, I'm kind of curious if I should continue to focus on the campaigns that I know run well, do well, or should I look for some sort of upsell to capitalize on the existing clients that I already have? Um, or should I be 
[310:12] focusing more on, you know, referrals to private equity groups, things like that. I've already got about 200 million in businesses that are in my pipeline right now that are potentially ready to sell um that I've sourced personally that I'm connecting with private equity groups about. So, I'm already doing that. >> I think you're just your money model's off. I think you're just make you're you're monetizing the wrong way. Like you you give a very valuable service if you really do indeed source deals for M&A. >> Yeah. >> $2,000 a month, $24,000 a year. And especially if they're taking off like some months, skipping months, like call it 20,000 a year is what is what you're you know, net net per customer. That feels really low for what you're doing. >> You know, if I'm going to write a you know, if you source me, you know, four deals and I pay you $24,000 for it, that's like insane. >> Yeah, exactly. It's just a lot of the time I find the people who are jumping on these sorts of offers tend to be the >> um like they're looking for minimum a million dollars in Hibida, but you're looking at some of the smaller firms 
[311:13] like you know some trans world you know that sort of stuff. >> Heard yeah I got you. >> I mean I would still look at like what what's the average deal size? >> Uh like I said minimum 1 million. >> No I know they're even but what's the average transaction >> clients are looking? Uh most of the times the revenues of the businesses are about five to 20 million. >> Okay. Let me ask it differently. What check do they write to buy the businesses that you source them? >> Sometimes it depends on the industries just because of the uh >> Give me an average. Give me an average. >> I'd say most businesses are being purchased between 15 to 30 mil. >> Okay, got it. Yeah, you're way underpriced. I think you got to be looking at 1% acquisition fees or more. So, I would char I would charge the exactly we're charging and charge an acquisition fee. I would be like we're 24,000 a year paid annually upfront and we get you know 1% of the uh and the way you write the contract by the way is you do it on the enterprise value not on the cash value of the deal. >> So, because the way that the way that 
[312:14] it's going to work is they'll do like let's say it's a $10 million deal for simple math. So, if you have a $10 million deal and they're not they're not going to write they typically won't write a you know a $10 million check if it's a million dollar deal. They'll say, you know, we're going to put, you know, you're going to sell finance 20%, you're going to do an earnout for another 20 and then, you know, 60 we'll pay in cash, right? Something like that. And so, you want to get paid on 10, not on six. >> I do that for private equity groups and, you know, family offices and that sort of stuff. But for brokers, I just do the flat fee. So, for private equity groups, I charge the retainer of the 2K a month plus I charge success fee on a Leman's scale. >> Okay. Why would you not do that for the other guys? they tend to just say no to uh any sort of success based fee. It's either one or the other. Either a success based fee or a monthly fee. Um most of the time it's a flatout no from >> Yeah. I think I think you just need to go up market. >> Okay. >> Yeah. I mean like if you you provide a valuable service and you're selling 
[313:16] partially to broke people and partially to rich people, sell to rich people. >> Mhm. I mean, that's that it's the same work for you to source a hundred million dollar deal as it is to source a $10 million deal. Sometimes easier. >> Oh, exactly. Yeah. I mean, it's the same proven formula on the back end for me. It doesn't make a difference as the targeting. It's kind of what I charge people up front. >> Exactly. So, if that's So, if that's the work that's required, >> then like screw the other ones. Just source the big deals. >> Okay. In the short term, because I am a new business, you know, this is my main income. Should I keep a base amount of clients to keep my monthly income coming in based on the setup I have right now and then work on moving up market like you're talking about all my marketing, all my advertising would be getting private equity and saying this is the this is the new way we do things. Yes. >> Okay, >> cool. >> Okay, great. Thank you so much. I appreciate it. >> No, you bet. Congratulations on the business. Very cool. >> Thank you. >> All right, rock and roll. Okay, so I'm gonna take I think I'm gonna take two more. All right. And then 
[314:18] I'm going to Nick. Let's see here. Nick. So Nick is 800k revenue. Profit is 40K. I'll take two more and then I'm closing this guy. Nick >> Alex, >> what's up, man? >> World records. >> What was that? So, congratulations on the world record. >> Oh, thank you. Tell me about your business, man. What's uh what's revenue? >> Year to date, $413,000 and we're at $43,000 profit. >> Okay, so 10% margins. So, 400-ishk top line, 43K bottom line. Okay. What's uh what's the business? So, we do accent walls, uh, uh, feature walls in people's houses, and we're split 50/50, residential and commercial. Our residential clients, we have twice as many, and average, uh, job orders 
[315:19] half the price. So, that's that's one question is, uh, how do I decide where to focus, residential versus commercial? >> So, it's a pretty classic situation that you're in. I would say instead of thinking about where to focus, I would be like, where do I focus my advertising? So, you want to focus the advertising on the place that you're going to get the most leverage, which is going to be the people who pay you the most. So, basically, what's the difference between LTV to CAC on each of those two types of businesses or types of customers, excuse me. >> Um, LTV is better on commercial clients because they come back. Residential customers >> heard. What's CAC on either of those? Um, I I don't have clear numbers on that. >> Okay. How much more work is it to get a commercial versus a residential? >> It's probably twice as much work. >> Okay. How much more are they worth to you? >> And on average, they're they're worth double. >> Okay. So, it's twice the work and they're worth double, but they also come back. 
[316:19] >> Yeah. >> Right. So, all of your effort should go towards commercial because that'll build a recurring base of business for you. And basically as soon as you can get 70ish, you know, basically if you can cover all your all your costs and I do think you're probably mispriced too because your your margins are bad. Um I'll do you know we deal with that on another call. But I'll say right now if you just want to listen to me blindly um just raise your prices by 20% at minimum. Okay, across the board. >> Your margins are too slim. >> One one other question. I started a school group because I I also like teaching for carpenters or just starting out. >> Um, which is really fun, but then my focus is split. So, yeah. Is that okay to be doing both or should I just do one? >> No, you need to focus, man. I would say if you want to if you want to if you want to have a community, have it be for your customers, >> right? And then maybe they'll buy more stuff >> because you're in touch with them. It's a long-term lead nurture. >> Yeah. Keep push the customer. >> Keep them hot, baby. Keep them hot. 
[317:20] Okay. Okay. >> Okay. 20% price raise. Switch your community to your customers. Focus all your marketing on commercial because that's recurring. And to make sure that's recurring, actually put them into a sequence to get them to come back. >> Amazing. >> Cool. >> Thanks, Alex. >> Rock and roll. Appreciate you. >> All right. >> You, too. >> Wasn't that fun? That was a fun one. Uh, I love simple things. Let's go. Uh, all right. Christian, you're up. If you're watching on the live stream, you're up, man. >> Yo, what's good, man? It's Christian. >> What's cooking, Christian? Talk to me. >> So, my name is Christian Willard. I'm 23 years old. Two years ago, I was homeless. Had zero dollars sleeping in my truck. >> Cool. >> I am uh I do residential concrete. I just started my franchise. We're going to be doing a million dollars this year in revenue. >> Amazing, man. Congratulations. >> Thank you, man. >> Amazing. Okay, so talk to me. So, you're doing a million dollars this year is what you're saying that's your pacing? 
[318:21] >> Yeah. Yes, sir. >> And so, the franchise, are you the franchiseer or franchisee? >> I'm the franchiseer. We just uh paid the franchise company a ton of money and they're going through all the documents right now. The >> FTD. Got it. Okay. Cool. All right. So, but your $1 million is that coming from the franchiseor or your one location? >> My one location here, Morville, North Carolina. >> Heard. Okay. What are margins on your uh on the concrete business? >> 25 30%. >> Okay. Got it. So 250 I'll just say 250ishk. Is that including owner pay or no? >> Uh yeah that's that's uh just just turnkey. It's pretty pretty low. >> No including is that 250 what you make plus the profit of the business or is that >> that's turnkey? Turnkey. >> So okay. So with a manager heard. Okay. Understood. Understood. Okay. Got it. So um how can I help you? >> Um to be honest man uh this is kind of taking a step into franchising. So, I mean, um, you know, we don't we don't have a lot of overhead. We pretty pretty plain on overhead. It's just going to material ins. But >> why don't I just give you some? 
[319:22] >> Yeah, I'll just like let me just give you advice. Okay, so here's the thing. If you if you pull this out on a long enough time horizon, the only thing that's going to make a franchise successful is it franchises. Literally nothing else matters. >> Yes, sir. >> And the way to do that, there's there's a couple things. So, number one is that you're going to succeed based on the quality of the franchises. And so as much as you're going to want to sell and you know chase fast growth revenue or whatever, you want to keep the bar for your franchisee as high as humanly possible because how good they are is going to be how good your franchise is and your unit economics in terms of average revenue per per location is going to be one of the main things that makes this thing tradable and sellable in the long term and the thing that's going to get better franchises in the future to come and want to buy it. So your first like 10 20 franchises, you have to be like these guys can can kill anything. Like you have to find studs who are going to do this. So it's absolutely a two-way thing. As much as somebody can look look hopeless and you're going to want to have the franchise fee and all this stuff and take the cash up front, resist the urge 
[320:22] because those 10 are going to be the ones who give you the averages. They're going to learn a bunch of stuff with you. You're going to want to be you would really want to see them as partners, not customers. >> All right, so that's thing one is picking high quality franchises. The second thing is do not get do not get um distracted by many different revenue streams with the franchise. Don't try and complicate it. If you have a model right now that works, just make the thing better. And by being better, usually it means how can I remove complexity? How can I automate things that don't require extra people? Like it's it's those things that can improve the model rather than like we're going to start adding this service and this service and this service in because then people just die from a thousand paper cuts of lack of um lack of focus. >> Yes, sir. 100%. Yeah. Keep it pretty simple. I appreciate your your advice, man. >> You bet. And then from a from a long-term perspective, how are you planning on getting the franchises? Um, it's actually going to be probably through my Instagram brand. And then I would actually was going to actually go 
[321:24] and vacation to other cities and like go to Angie's List and hire fake estimates and just kind of like pitch them there on the spot to be honest. That's kind of my idea how I was going to get them. >> I mean, I don't think it's a terrible idea. Um, yeah, I think it's a good place to start. Again, it's like you want winners. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> So, that's what you're going to have to look for. The tough part is that if you're finding somebody who's like struggling and then wants to convert over to your thing, it's like they might just not be winners. So, something to be mindful of is like maybe you take 10 of these pitches, maybe five of them want to buy, maybe you just say yes to one. >> Okay. I mean, I'm I'm not opposed like it's not to me like, you know, from being homeless to, you know, I'm at now. >> Like it I'm not I'm not money hungry. I'm about you know, building a brand. Yeah. Um, I I turn money away all the time, you know, when it comes on to like people wanting to to join in and do these things, you know, like you said, being picky, man. And I'm I'm 100% with you on it, man. >> Well, I appreciate that, and I think that your your customers and franchises 
[322:24] will appreciate that, too. Um, keep the bar super high. Don't over complicate the model. Don't be in a rush to scale. And at the end of the day, uh, I said the only thing that might be beneficial for you is, well, I don't want to get ahead. Just do those two things. That's the main thing. Just do those two things first. Get to call it 20 20 to 30 locations open >> and then I think at that point you'll have enough cash flow to sustain bringing on a more experienced exec who's done. Ideally, you want someone who's had one big success. He's he's he or she's hungry and wants to do it big um with another one. So, it's like they get one set of reps from somebody else. They were in charge of it, but they didn't get as much, you know, skin in the game. you know, give a few points of equity uh that they have to earn with a one-year cliff so that like you don't give it away too soon or anything like that so that they can drive the sales and then you can you can run the overall org. >> Yes, sir. Dude, I greatly appreciate this. This is gonna one day you'll see it, man. And uh it'll 
[323:25] be awesome. >> Well, I look forward to it. Congratulations, man. It's a great story. >> Thank you, man. Shout out to Jesus, my hot wife, and my awesome son. >> Well, I love it, man. All right. See you. This is great. All right, let's go. Meand, that was fun. I'm going to do another one. That was funny. Okay, let's do one more. All right, by the way, as soon as I hang up this call, we're um I think we've been going. How long have we been going? Since Since 9. Oh, 9 to5. Okay, well, eight hour shift. >> Hello. >> Hello, Miland. Salam, Alex. How are you? >> What's up, man? Talk to me. What's the business? What's the problem? >> So, I'm a I do email marketing for e-commerce companies. Um, main business model and the main issue at the moment was just I was miscalculating my CAC to LTV mainly. >> Yeah. >> So, our business model was we would do a 
[324:27] one-time like email automation setup for e-commerce companies and then try to upsell them on the recurring. >> Okay. But I was doing that model wrong in the beginning where I would, you know, I would sell them on the one time, but I would get so hungry on trying to sign more clients where I wasn't focused on the recurring. >> Uhhuh. >> So now basically like so far this year we've done I believe 450,000 and only the profits are around 10%. >> Okay. >> So >> Okay. How are you getting customers right now? >> Right now. >> Yeah. >> Facebook ads. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Like this. It's not going to work unless you keep customers. This model doesn't work. I'm just telling you right now. So, what's the what's the recurring thing that you're selling? >> So, we're selling recurring like email campaign. So, we do you know like the email blast, all that sort of stuff. >> Oh, email blast or you mean like your your nurturing leads like you know you set up Claio and all that stuff. >> Yeah. Yeah. We set up Clavio to Shopify and we do like segmentation. >> Yeah. Yeah. Heard. Okay. Got it. And you do turn key like you write all the emails and you send it for their, you 
[325:28] know, for their stuff. >> Yeah. I had my team do it. So we have like a team of copywriters and designers. >> I get you. But that's what you do as a business. >> Exactly. >> All right. What's the price point? >> So our typical price point right now, like average across all of our we have like 13 active clients. >> Okay. >> Average is around 2K per month. And it ranges like it ranges between 15 to like 2500. >> Okay. So 2K a month. So you're doing 26Kish a month. And then you have your front end sales which get you to get you to 40ish, right? >> Exactly. Yeah. >> All right. What are you charging on the front end? front end for our flow setup. We're doing uh 29.50. >> Okay. So, 3K on the front and then how many of these you selling a month? >> So, um I was doing this offer for around like a few months or probably around like eight months and we were selling on average anywhere between 12 to 16. I had to stop it. >> Yeah. >> Interesting. What's the cost of acquiring a customer? What's CAC? >> My CAC for this entire offer from here. I'm pulling up the numbers right now. 
[326:29] From October >> all the way up until when I stopped it was around average >> 2400. >> Yes. So you break even on the front. >> Exactly. >> But then you're not doing any but you're not really converting people in the back. So what percentage people from offer one? All right. Why don't we just do this, man? So why don't you just say, "Hey, uh, I can do this thing for $10,000 upfront. This whole automation, right? You hearing me?" Yeah. >> Or I'll include the $10,000 for free >> if you become a customer, which you can do today for $3,000 a month. >> So, you're saying do the upfront offer is 10K and then lead them into the recurring. >> Well, it's an anchor. So, this is called bonus continuity. By the way, everyone who's watching one of the money models. So they come in, you say, "Hey, I've got this thing that I do, which is whatever 
[327:31] the initial automation setup, right? You say, "So it costs 10 grand to do that, but if you want us to set it up so that we can do the recurring on the back end, we can do that as well. Um, and I'll I'll wave the 10K. I'll include it and I'll build it for free as long as you commit to six months." >> Interesting. So Oh, okay. So Honda is like a Gotcha. So you position that as like, okay, we're just going to do that for you anyway. You have to commit to six months on like a 3k a month because that's what I'm trying to increase the price to. >> Yeah. What if I want to cancel a month four? What do I What do you do? >> Um typically we just let we just don't do any um long-term contracts or anything like that. We just typically just do months to month. >> Right. So hear me out. Now that you have this offer, what do you think you're going to do? >> Probably if they're if they have to stick to it after if they're trying to leave after four months, then probably Not sure. I mean, let him, I guess. I don't know. >> So, when you say the 10K, this is what you do. You say, "Hey, it's $10,000. I'm 
[328:33] willing to stomach the $10,000 if you'll commit to six months. If you want to cancel between now and the six months, you just pay me the $10,000 that you would have paid if you wanted to be monthtomonth." >> Gotcha. >> So, try canceling to go to the like 10k. >> So, think about it like this. It's $10,000 and then $3,000 a month monthtomonth or it's $0 and then $3,000 for six months. And the $0 is the $10,000 thing. But if you cancel the six months, then you got to pay me what you would have paid for the flexibility being monthtomonth. That's the trade. So if I have to front the risk, >> fine. I'll like I'll front the risk if you make the commitment. But if you if you re on the commitment, then you got to pay me what you were going to pay me originally to have the flexibility. Okay, that makes sense. And then, okay, no, that that makes total sense. So then rather than just selling 3K packages, doing that, trying to get a result for them, and then upselling them. >> Your cash flow is going to be the same though. Your cash flow is going to be the same though because you're charging 3K right now, you're charging 3K with 
[329:34] the other thing. Same same. >> Yeah. >> Right. Makes total sense, >> right? Except this way a every once in a while, somebody is just going to say yes to the 10K and those will be nice pops when you get them. >> And the 3K per month on the back end is still 50% higher than you're currently making. and you're currently making 10% margins, which would take your uh your margins from like 10 to if you just did the exact same number of customers you currently are, uh that would add 200,000. Um it would take your margins to 35%. >> Yeah, that'd be amazing, right? >> Let's do that then. >> Yeah, that was great. >> Let's do that. >> Totally. >> Sorry, I have one more question. Just because the way that I'm positioning it right now is like, okay, we'll build this, you know, 22 email setup for, you know, onetime payment. Well, I wouldn't say a 22 email setup. That sounds very commoditized. But yeah, go ahead. >> For the actual offer side, when I'm trying to like actually write in front of the ads, all that sort of stuff, would it just be like we'll build this crazy automation setup for free and then or is that like a bait and switch >> like 
[330:34] how would you position on the front end? >> Well, what are you saying now? >> Well, right now this is the ad that we basically is working the best is like we'll do this 22 email flow setup for a onetime payment. That's fine. Run the exact same thing. Just pitch this instead of what you're pitching right now. >> Gotcha. So, just pitch the bigger setup for the 110. Okay. Gotcha. And then the mobile, right? >> Gotcha. Okay. That makes total sense. Appreciate it. >> Bingo. Bango. Money. Mango. All right. Rock and roll. Appreciate you. You bet. All right. See you. Donate a book. All right. >> Donate some goddamn books. All right, Peter insurance. All right, Peter insurance. >> All circuits are busy. Please call again later. >> Oh, Peter's busy. 
[331:35] >> Peter's busy. Peter. Peter Insurance. You missed it, man. All right. Danny Dance Studio. That is kind of funny. Um, Danny Dance Studio. I hope it's called Danny Dance. Danny Dances. >> Good afternoon. This is Danny. >> Danny is What is the name of your dance studio? >> Uh, Movers and Shakers. >> Uh, it's not Danny. Danny Dances. >> No, >> I thought it'd be funny. Okay. This is Alex. All right. Talk to me. >> Oh my goodness. >> What's the business? What's revenue? What's revenue? Where do you want to be? What's the problem? >> All right. 650K. >> Great. >> Uh, I believe the constraint is myself with sales. We need a good salesperson and I don't know how to pay a great salesperson enough to stick with us. We only have a couple leads come in a day and uh this has been the constraint I think for a long time. >> Okay. So, yeah, Peter's trying to call back now. Too late. Sorry. There's a there's a call busy signal, but you're the priority, Danny. All right. So, 
[332:35] 650,000. You said you're the constraint being sales. Now, tell me more about that. Does that mean that you can't grow the business because you're in sales all day or because no one else can sell like you? >> Uh, I think they can sell like me. I just don't know how to afford them. So, the cost of a program is about $500. LTV is maybe maybe 800. >> Yeah, that's the problem, dude. >> That's the problem. Like, you got to fix the business right now. >> Like, we don't want to scale this. The business doesn't Like, what are your margins right now? >> Uh, about 50%. Interesting. I just like I still feel like you could make even more because if if you're charging 500 upfront and 800's LTV, it's like you're not really converting anyone. It's like you're one time popping people. How are you getting customers? Ads. >> Uh we don't run any ads. It's all inbound. >> It's all inbound, but people just buy one set of dance sessions and then that's it. >> About 50% uh renewing. >> And then after that, what happens? 
[333:36] >> Some will renew longer. Uh some will leave and come back. Some are gone forever. I'd love to bring it up to 70%. I'm definitely not sure how to do that yet. >> Why don't you get them into a membership? >> Uh, we recently experimented with selling more programs upfront with very limited success so far, but I'm open to it. >> No, no. Like, no. Like, sell your front end thing because you're obviously closing on that, but I'm saying why don't you just take the 500 and then just roll it into a membership. >> Yeah. They go through levels. So, they start beginner, then intermediate, then just roll it. >> Yeah. rolling to the next level. >> So like when they purchase the first level uh >> well they before they finish the first level offer them the next level and then credit their first level towards their second level and price the second level such that when you roll in the first level to the second level you still make a good profit. >> We do I mean we uh sell it about halfway through the first level and we're at about 50% recurring. >> And then what percentage of people from the second ling buy the third thing? >> About 50%. >> Yeah. So you got to keep Is this And 
[334:38] these are what? Six week things. >> Uh 10 weeks. >> 10 weeks. >> Yeah. >> Are you the dancer? >> Uh I used to teach everything. Now we have a couple other instructors. I came to your scaling workshop last summer, by the way. Best program I've done in my entire life, by the way. >> Oh, I'm glad. I appreciate that. You donate some books? >> I already purchased the 200 books. Yeah. >> Rock and roll. Appreciate you. Okay, so The margins are good. Actually, did you did you ask me a question at the workshop because I feel like I remember a d a dancer. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. You had really good margins. I remember this. Okay. So, you had really good margins. >> Um Okay. So, >> just subtracting direct expenses. I mean, it's about 80% margins, but when you take away the overhead, right about 50. >> Yeah. I mean, well, yeah. I mean, without overhead, I have 100% margins. Um >> Okay. So, why can't you I just like I want this to be more recurring. That's the thing. 
[335:39] >> Like this is the thing that bothers me about the business. I'm glad you're making money. I'm glad it's 50% margin. All this like all this stuff's great. It's just like it h like it just I mean obviously I understand the space really well, right? The reason So I did you see Rick on here earlier? >> I did not. >> Okay. So Rick owns a franchise that does um that does that does small group training for gyms? It's one of the best franchises right now in the fitness space. And the key that makes his model work is that they have a 38-month stick rate. >> And the way that happens is because they do semi-private, so one on four, one on six. And then people get to know each other. They have a regular calendar that they're used to. They take this as their main workout. Um, and so the key is we have to figure out like how do we get basically the thing to solve for this business. If you really want to solve like really actually want to do this business for real, all of your effort has to go to how do I get people to stay for more than a year. Okay, >> if you solve that, you crack the whole business open, LTV is going to expand. The problem that you have is like, yeah, you can't pay sales people because like there's there's just like there's not there's not really a ton left. That 
[336:40] being said, you're running 50% margin. So like if you had $325,000 a year in profit, which is what you're making right now, could you pay $100,000 your salesperson to sell for you? Yeah, for sure. So I don't know why. Like I mean, yeah, for sure. It's a six figure sales job. You'd sell 250 left and then with all the extra time you go make more money. would what kind of commission would I be able to offer them on a >> back into it. Back into it. Back into it. So, how many deals uh per per year or whatever? Just do per month. How many deals per month do you uh would a sales guy be expected to close? >> I mean, we only have a couple leads coming in a day. So, 20 30. >> Okay. So, a deal a day, call it. That is what they can close. >> Okay. So, if you He's got to make two grand a week, right? So, he's working five days a week, I'm guessing. >> Yeah. >> Okay. Okay. So, he's got to make $400 a day, 5 days a week. Okay. So, something doesn't make sense with your math, though. 
[337:41] Yeah. Because if you're closing 30 deals a month, and you said LTV was 800, then that would mean that you'd be doing uh $24,000 a month, which would put you at 300,000 a year, not 650. >> I know what it is. A lot of people purchase without um reaching out first. >> They just purchase online. >> Yeah. Yeah. These are people who reach out. >> Got it. Got it. Got it. Got it. Um Okay. So, you're doing a deal a day, but the average ticket is 800. LTV is 800. Yeah. >> Maybe we need to just start advertising and suffer and take the loss for a while to get more lead volume and then we could actually pay them a >> Well, I mean, if you advertise well, you'll make more money. you you won't be like I have to suffer at advertising. It's like if you do it right, you'll just make you'll make a bunch of money. Um okay. So, if I really wanted to fix this business, you have option one is you can just run ads, right? That's that's an easy option. But I would not want you to do that. If we really want to do this, right? You want to fix LTV. Like if you 
[338:42] want this business to really scale, if you want to get to like millions of dollars a year, not just a few hundred thousand. And I want to be clear. What's your goal? Like do you just want to make this? >> Um yeah. I mean if I expand it to you know two three million a year that'd be great. All good. >> Okay. Well if you fix the model it'll just keep growing. That's the thing. So we just have to fix we have to basically I would look at how you're doing your delivery and think how can I do it in such a way that people can get enough and like maybe have a a $500 front end but maybe there's a maybe there's a $1,500 front end and that has a better a better client ratio. So and then they're stickier too. I don't know. But right now the the the thing to solve is how do you get people to stay for three years? One year to start, but ideally three years. >> With personal training, how long would be realistic for a person to stay? >> 38 months. That's what I'm saying. >> 38 months. Okay. >> Teaching us. >> Yeah. Churn under 3%. That's what you want. >> There's 3% teaching a skill. The thing is once they have the skill, I believe 
[339:43] it becomes a lot tougher to to keep them around, you know. >> Yeah. heard. Well, they learn new songs and then I'm sure they dance with one another, right? And they have and like and I'm sure like everything it's like if somebody said, "Hey, Alex taught me how to sell, right? It's how well, you know what I mean? >> Like there's there's le like there's depth to skill. It's not like, okay, he can do the chaa, but it's like how well can you do is he chaa champ or is he just decent at the chaa?" I'm just making this up. I have no idea. But like like I imagine that maybe part of it is just like your own belief of like well they already learned it. It's like but how but how how good are they? >> Okay. My experience is that at the higher levels it becomes much more competitive and even harder to keep them around. Yeah. >> I understand that that would crack the code though. I mean that would make a huge difference. >> Yeah. Well maybe. Okay. Hear me out. Is there a way that you go from teaching to like to like a group some sort of larger group setup that's like more more scalable so that becomes like the 
[340:44] recurring bucket that's like fun and maybe lower priced but people like never want to cancel because it's almost like a dance club. >> Yeah. Yeah. People do run dance clubs. Uh it feels like a whole other animal and not necessarily desirable. >> Yeah. Well then, dude, if you don't want it, if you don't want it, man, then then then that's not the that's not like the thing is is if I say, "Hey, if you start advertising, the business can double or triple." But the thing is is like that lever only gets pulled once, right? >> And so I'd rather fix the bucket before we pour a bunch of water. Pouring the water is almost a commoditized thing. like we run ads, people come in, we sell them. But then it's like, okay, then the whole game is just, you know, I buy customers at 200, I make 800 with, you know, 90% gross margins or whatever it is. And it's like, so you're just buying, you know, $400 bills or $500 bills for $200. Not a bad thing to do. Don't get me wrong with it. But like, if you want to build the asset, the business, it's like, how can we how can we keep those dollars continuing to come and really expand LTV because that's what's going to give you the stability for the business, which is what you 
[341:45] ultimately want. We got to nail it first >> and then scale it >> and then scale it. >> Yeah. No, but that's that's so I think when you go through the um the the lifetime value playbook and you go through the retention playbook, that'll give you a bunch of different frameworks to think through in terms of how to apply it and obviously you can ask the HQAI. It'll give you a bunch of different frameworks to to to apply to your specific dance business. And then that might be the thing that will unlock uh the LTV for the model such that you can then fix it. churn goes down, renewals go from 50% to say 80 or 90% from cohort to cohort. Now you're now you're singing and dancing dancing. >> Start with >> start with the LTV playbook. Start with the retention playbook. The constraint is not the sales. The constraint you're saying is LTV. >> Yes. >> Okay. Well, I guess that's my homework. >> Bingo bango. Rock and roll. >> Appreciate you. >> Appreciate you, man. Thank you. All right. See you. >> All right. Okay, who do you guys want? I'm gonna 
[342:46] I'm gonna say I'm gonna say a name you guys can tell me in here. All right. Would you guys rather have Would you guys rather have Do you want to call Peter back from insurance? Option one. He did call back. Uh option two is you can go with Ray Han tellaalth. $6 million a year. Uh or option three, we can go Kaden. All right, Kayen, it is. All right, I'll get I I'll hit Peter next. I see some Peters in there. All right, >> this is Kaden. >> What's up, Kaden? >> Is this Alex? >> It is indeed. Hit me. What's uh You're doing what? 48 million in revenue. That's what I saw in the in the message. >> Yes, sir. So, we're pacing for 48 million this year. >> Badass, man. >> About Yes, sir. We're up 60% year-over-year. >> Congrats. What do you sell? >> I hit creative home engineering. So, 
[343:46] Murphy doors, Murphy beds, hideway safes. >> Oh, cool. Yeah. Money printing. Um, average ticket. >> Average ticket. So, we just added a sales team about 15 15 months ago. We were doing about $2,200 as our average. We're now doing 28 with the sales team. So, average between the two, we're looking about 2,600. >> Really? So, you're doing a ton of volume. >> Yeah. About 20 21,000 uh orders per year. >> Badass. Okay. So, is this uh what's what's acquisition system? Doortodoor or is it uh phone sales? >> So, ironically, for the first 12 years, we didn't have a sales team. It was customer service, but it was direct e-commerce. So, we've we've been very lucky. Um >> Wow. Okay. >> So, you sell these So, wait, hold on. So, you were selling these units and then just shipping them straight out, >> correct? Yep. >> Got it. Okay. Okay. What percentage is 
[344:46] e-commerce versus uh sales team? >> So, sales team's done 12 million this year. We're at 22 million as of right now. Um and then we've got other channels. So, we're about >> we're we're just about 48% from the sales team. Uh direct to consumer. And what when you say direct to consumer, are they just dialing smiling and dialing or you doing lead genen or like are you like what's >> No, these just just through marketing channels they're they're checking out direct through our website. So they're they're landing our landing page. Uh they're following us on Instagram and overtime they're they're checking out on their own. So 48% uh 52% is is doing that. >> We've got about 4% through Home Depot, Amazon, Wayfair, other channels. >> Yeah. Um, so, so my my question, my problem, my my burning problem that uh that I need solved is, you know, we've we've partnered with Grant Cardone. We're we're trying to get in with you as well and and uh you buy some books, 
[345:48] >> scale this thing. We we bought 215 books. So, yes, sir. >> Well, I appreciate that. All right. Absolutely. >> Well, and I thank you for the other 200 entrepreneurs who are going to get books. So, thank you from them, too. All right. So, uh, what's the So, you have a burning question. You said you wanted to partner. Uh, what's the like what's holding you back right now? >> Uh, honestly, nothing. Nothing's holding us back right now. So, so we haven't been out to CEO. We've we've been with the Cardone team for >> for about a year now. They've done an awesome job for us. We love them. >> Obviously. Yeah. Things are doing great. We we um we we think that what we're doing organically is working great and and we we want to see it through. >> Okay. >> So, by 2027, we've got a plan to reach 100 million. >> Awesome. >> And so, my question is, you know, with with your expertise, what what channel do you see? You know, I think we've got so much fire burning under us and so 
[346:48] much ability. You know, we haven't tapped into door to door. We I I just started a channel where we're actually meeting with the developers, the designers, the contractors, >> you know. So, I think that channel, the lifetime value of a contractor is so much greater than just a direct consumer. >> Yeah. >> So, >> so I don't know if we just need to blast that channel, you know. Currently, currently the majority of our builder leads are coming from we do one event per year. It's called the International Builder Show. >> Yeah. got to Vegas. Uh we spent about a million dollars on our booth. >> Yes. >> We always get, you know, show the booth of the year, >> so on and so forth. We're able to acquire about 6,000 leads, builders, designers, contractors. >> Amazing. >> And and so within the past two months, I'm really trying to build that team out. So far, it's working great. It's onethird of our sales team's revenue. So I I'm I'm you know without a proof of 
[347:49] concept. I'm just trying to understand if this is the route that I need to put all resources in >> or if you know you're seeing something with your >> No. So let's let me let me just cut you off. So >> right now the thing that I would be most afraid of if I were you is splitting my attention. >> Okay. Because I like to ask the question like, what stops you from doing 10 times more of the thing that's already working? Whatever. What What are your margins right now? >> Uh 48%. >> Dude, you I mean, come on. Okay, so you got great margins, growing fast. You've got the e-commerce channel self-s serve that's working. That's uh 52% or 48%. Which one was it? 52, right? >> The e e-commerce is 52, >> right? You got 52 and then you got 4% from other and then you got I guess the rest is sales team, right? >> Correct. >> Okay. And then sales team are working what channel? >> Sales team they are so they're mainly working all the lead leads that are coming through all of our our 
[348:50] >> from e-commerce. So they're just working Yeah. They're just working the leads from all abandoned carts and all that stuff. >> Abandoned carts. Yeah. Exactly. >> Okay. So this was basically so the sales team add-on is kind of a CRO thing. So it's basically like >> So the easiest way to think about it is um All right. I'm going to I'm going to draw and maybe you'll see this video. I don't know if you're watching this live or not, but for my people, can you give me an overhead cam? So, if we have a triangle and let's say that this represents the marketplace, if you are currently monetizing the top of that triangle, okay, that's let's say with this is this is your normal e-commerce whatever, right? When you add a sales team, what happens is you take this line of monetization and then you just pull it down and then you convert a higher percentage of the people that are in this triangle. Right? >> Okay. Now, the way to grow this is like you you can't you're like if you keep adding more salespeople, eventually you will run out of leads to call. Correct. >> Absolutely. >> Right. And so that was a one-time lever, 
[349:52] a good lever, don't get me wrong, and one that will increase uh AOV. Well, really more EPCs than AOV, but like increase increase um earnings per click so that you can spend more on advertising, etc. >> Okay, rock and roll. And um what we want to do is we want to expand this triangle as the primary thing. That's what I'd be thinking of. So your current way of getting the customers in, are you running any ads at all? >> Yes. >> Okay. Plenty. >> Yeah. So my thought process would be, okay, now that we have enhanced our earnings per click, we can now reach significantly more uh we can basically we can buy way more media and I already have the infrastructure to do that and I already have the sales team. And so then the business just becomes Can you hear me? >> Yeah, I can hear you. >> Yeah. So the business just becomes I'm going to spend more money uh on the advertising and by doing that that will then feed the sales team which I can then bolster up. And so it just becomes 
[350:52] this back and forth pingpong between get more leads for e-commerce, hire more sales people, get more leads for e-commerce, get more salespeople. And that to me is a simpler setup for for me to say, hey, let's also do this other thing. Unless you have a a star who can actually run it without you doing it, >> then I would rather you stick with the thing and double down on what is working most because like I'll say this differently. If you can double the business, right, >> with doing one thing, I think I would rather do that than double it doing four. >> Got it? >> So then let's just try and find the one thing and then put all of our emphasis on that. And right now you have a machine that's doing 48% margins. It's growing 60% a year. I'm not like let's just add distraction because most businesses die from indigestion, not starvation. They die from doing too much, not too little. >> Absolutely. >> And rather I'll say too many rather than too much. Too much you can pretty much never do. Too many you absolutely can do. 
[351:53] >> Got it. >> All right. That's what that would be without knowing anything about the team with zero context from a 8 and a half minute call. That's how I would see it. Obviously, your bigger business, you you know this, you will know your business better than I can right now. But that is the framework that I'd be using to approach it. The sales team was a one-time pull, increased my made more money, probably dramatically increased margins. All that's good stuff, but in order to really expand the business because to me, the business didn't really expand. You just better monetize, which is nothing wrong with that. >> Absolutely >> right. But now it's like you have top offunnel issues. So, we either have to like either you need to spend more on the existing channel and see how can I get to 250 million a year just by 5xing my front end. Uh or like if I really feel like I'd cap that, which you're I don't think you're even close. Um then I would say, okay, let's see if I can start another channel. But I'm going to always try and do more before I try and do new. >> Got it. >> Rock and roll. >> Yes, sir. I appreciate you, Alex. 
[352:54] >> Appreciate you. Thank you for buying books. >> Absolutely. >> All right. See you. All right. Peter. We're going to Peter. I got a lot of Peters. We're going to Peter. Okay. Now, I got to remember this thing. Hold on. Two. Hold on. What was this? Is this it? I got it. I got it. Still got it. Okay, Peter, you got to answer on this one. All right, Pete. >> Hey. Hey. >> Hey, Peter. >> Oh my. Alex, I almost I almost cried, man. I've been going to the workshop, man. I'm from Baltimore. >> No, I saw your area code. I saw your area code. All right. That's what >> that's why I did it. That's why I called you back. All right. So, you're doing you're doing seven topline, right? >> Mhm. >> All right. You got two in profit. >> It's insurance. What kind of insurance? >> Yeah. So, we sell final expense. So, I need your help here. We sell to poor people. So, burial insurance, which is a really interesting model. >> Barrel. >> Burial insurance. >> Yeah. Got it. Okay. Okay. Got it. All right. So, what's the issue? What's 
[353:55] holding you back? >> Yeah. So, um, we're kind of like at a crossroads right now. So, we I have built a large brand. I have about 60,000 insurance agents on my YouTube channel. >> 16, >> um, 60,000. >> Oh, got it. Great. >> So, I get naturally about 20 to 30 people that want to work with us to to grow our team. Basically, we want to scale our team. So, >> our biggest problem is increasing our LTV um, and our profitability. right now our options to expand increase our LTV are to increase and go into a new product like Medicare which is really highly compliant. >> Yeah. >> Or to offer insurance products like we're an LOA call center so we generate the leads we pay salaries and it's a small margin for our agents but open up the broker model basically as a licensing model where we can take them they pay the fee and then we can ultimately have them a high contract but they take on all the risk. So, we don't know if we should just open that up to go from LOA, our call center model to now a brokerage model or add an additional product like Medicare. So, >> so you said your margins are bad, but you're running 30% margins. So, like 
[354:55] >> Yeah. Um, how do I say turn is is tough. It's a battle. We pay for all of our agents chargebacks. >> Yeah. >> So, they have no risk. So, it's like you have to keep selling new products to keep up with the chargebacks because when you're selling to poor people, as you know, it's a lot of returns. you know, they can't afford 60 bucks. Um, we're bootstrapping this business. We have, you know, a healthy savings. >> Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. >> It's it's uh we're at a we're in a tough spot right now. >> Well, I think selling a better product or more affluent customer is a good idea. I don't really love I mean, like I'm not going to make you feel bad. Um, but like, you know, if you're getting a ton of chargebacks, like that kind of sucks, you know what I mean? Um, like it's not a good way to live. You know what I mean? Like I mean you can make a buck but like >> make make enough to go legit. You know what I mean? >> Yeah. >> All right. >> So would you >> So I I do like a a superior product. Um and you obviously know how to market and sell, right? It seems like you have that skill set. So you just got to sell better stuff, man. Better stuff to 
[355:57] better people. You have a you have a good base skill set. You know how to recruit. You know how to hire. You know how to train. You know how to market. You know how to sell. You got a lot of the right tools. I think you just got to build a better business with those tools that you got. Okay. Build a better business. So, would you just find a different product to sell insurance? We know how to market. Okay. And would you still build into like keeping the LOA? Because there is that we get the the long-term value which is the residual play a little bit, but it just made the product. Thanks for joining us up. >> Yeah. But the residuals aren't worth much because the people cancel so quick. >> Yeah. So, if you built if you started for two years, would you just say, "Hey guys, like prepare the team to change the product." No, it's it's you're in a tough spot, but like >> it takes I mean sometime I mean like listen like I want to be upfront. You're making money. All right? So I don't I don't want you like you know I don't want you to burn your building down. But the main thing is like it really depends on your goals. Like either you have to like if you can figure out a way to improve the service or improve the expectations such that people stop charging back this could be a business that's better. And so like if we think 
[356:57] about which problem would you rather solve, right? So problem one is I can try and improve the way that my people sell, how they're being preframed on the call via the nurture, the marketing, all the messaging that they're seeing prior to the prior to the phone call, right? And then whatever their experience is post call, there's some automation, some AI can put in so that I can retain these people and increase their LTV. If if I can do that, that's that's one solution set to fix the business. The other solution set is to enter another business which fundamentally like even though it's insurance, it's a tot. It's a completely different ballgame, right? Yeah. different avatar, different acquisition uh process, different sales process, all of these pieces, right? >> So, I hesitate a little bit to say like go, you know, go change everything. I'd rather you see if you could fix the existing thing because you already have it down. Like, it's just like can we just fill the two holes that are breaking this rather than like really overhauling the whole thing. But I do think if we're looking at a 10-year time horizon rather than a two-year time horizon, you'll probably better serve with the better better customers, higher ticket. 
[357:58] >> Okay. Yeah. Just to expand that way. It's almost like Chiron, he had that brokerage model we didn't take into. Like we have the people, but our model doesn't attract a players because it's like a call center like LOA. >> Yeah. I mean, you're selling to broke people. It sucks. Like I mean like you're like a collections company like 50%. Yeah. It's brutal. >> Well, yeah, it's it's tough. Lot of problems. change the you think by change of product you also can change um you know ultimately who you recruit because there's obviously >> a thousand%. a thou because like no one wants to be some no one wants to sell this. >> No one wants to buy it. No one wants to sell it, >> right? >> Yeah. We can't and we can't control the product cost because it's like 60 bucks and have a lot of agent retention problems too. Do you think from the product? >> Yes, of course it is. They I mean think of it like you deal with absolutely terrible people >> and so everything sucks. Everything stems from there. It's terrible people, terrible product, terrible employee. Like a whole thing sucks. >> Yeah. Yeah. >> So, so we just have to fix that. >> Well, yeah. I appreciate it. We're 
[359:00] trying to think about adding the product, but it's just it's the people and it's it's painful these last, >> of course, >> two and a half years. But, >> but dude, you learned you learned a ton of skills and now you just get to apply them to a better opportunity. >> Nothing wrong with that. >> Nothing wrong with that, dude. You learn. How old are you? >> 26. We've been >> Dude, you're fine. Yeah, >> you're fine, dude. Dude, >> 26 in Baltimore. >> That's right, man. That's right. >> Yeah. >> Um, no. So, I think I I would go I would go with the higher ticket, better insurance. The only So, the the skill that you're going to need to learn, you really only have to learn one right now. The skill that you're going to need to learn is you're going to have to learn how to advertise to hire socioeconomic people. And I mean, to be fair, just not bottom feeders. Have to you don't have to, you know, advertise ballers. You just have to advertise normal people, >> right? Middle class. >> Yep. >> Okay. It's all like one call close. It's like all we're doing is chasing that next sale. Of course I know it's it's hard on the guys, man. >> You just need to take this monster front end. Maybe you expect that it's going to be a two call close or a three call close. Okay. But if LTV is 10x, you can 
[360:01] attract way better closers. They'll stay longer. And there's also more models that are available to you like a brokerage, etc. Which is a legit, you know, it's a big, you know, big  >> Yeah. >> And those things exit for 15, you know, 15x, 12x, sometimes 20x uh multiples on premiums. >> Yeah. Super big. Real enterprise value. >> Absolutely. That's the plan. Thank you, man. From bomb heart, thanks for calling back. Be able to sleep at night. We'll see you. See you in two weeks at the workshop. >> Oh, rock and roll, man. I appreciate you. >> All right, buddy. >> All right, that's it. >> Thank you. Bye. >> All right, let's go. Let's go. Go, Peter. All right, let's see what else we got. Um, Kristen Plumbing. All right, Kristen Plumbing. Let's go. Kristen Plumbing if you're watching this. >> Hello >> Kristen Plumbing. >> Yes, this is Kristen Plumbing. >> This is Alex Hermosi Holland. 
[361:01] >> Hello. How are you? >> Good. Tell me about Kristen Plumbing. What's revenue? What's the problem? >> Okay, so the revenue is 1.2. >> Our profit is 350. So about 30% profit. >> Okay. >> My husband and I own the plumbing business. >> Okay. And uh our heel right now is employee retention. >> Okay. >> So he's he's the master plumber. And uh right now we have him and one other plumber. >> And so they're generating uh the 1.2. >> And so let me just give you a very quick backstory is >> um I I run all the office part of the business. He handles everything in the field. And so, got it. >> The problem with that said is employer retention, but >> okay, >> I'm a little bit neither of us are good in that area. >> Okay, >> I'm a little I'm a little bit better, but my husband obviously should be the one actually doing all of that. So, my question is, >> how do we fix this problem? Do we hire 
[362:02] someone to fill this role? >> When you say this role, when you say this role, what do you mean? >> Um, >> you're doing 1.2 Two headcounts what? Five, six? >> Yes. Yes. >> Right. >> So, it's you and your husband and then how many guys you got in the field? You know, technicians, whatever. >> Uh I would Well, two plumbers including my husband and uh like one to three helpers depending on the project. >> Okay. So, like just vendors, contractors. >> Yeah. Well, and and uh W we have one full-time apprentice as a W2. So then what's the retention issue? Are you actually having issues retaining people or you having issues finding people? >> We're having issues retaining people. We're we're averaging about less than six months we've gone through and this has been for the last 18 months. >> Okay. Why are they leaving? >> Uh because they don't like I I think I 
[363:03] think it's they don't like how my husband manages them. >> Okay. >> He's he's very military straightforward to your job. >> Yeah. and you know, we offer good benefits and all the all the good things, but he he's not the like >> he's tough and he's not the guy who's gonna like build the camaraderie. So, we keep thinking, can we bring in like a service manager who maybe who maybe can >> also do some plumbing and fill that role and be like the barrier between him and the guys, my husband and the guys. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Yeah. So, what's your husband's name? >> His name is John. >> Is John with you? >> Um, no, but I could >> No, you're >> Well, you can walk that way and to keep me on speaker. So, >> okay. >> So, I mean, basically, let me I'll say it to you this way. John, not having the skill of being able to manage and lead people is going to cost you 150 
[364:06] 185 a year. So the options are that he can learn to change his behavior in such a way that allows people that they don't hate working for you and you can make and you can save that money at the bottom line. Alternatively, you can say we're going to cut our pay in half and we're going to get somebody else who has that skill. Okay. >> I mean those are like fundamentally like said differently. The environment in which people are working needs to change. Either he will change or he needs to leave and then somebody else does the thing the right way. >> It will cost you more to bring somebody else in than for him to learn to sc the skill. But that's a that's a you call business-wise. Either choice works. One is obviously higher risk because you're increasing liability and and and and fixed costs, >> right? So, what are my two main options? One, >> hire somebody, the service manager that we're just referencing. Hire a service 
[365:06] manager or option two, your husband learns to change his behavior in a way that doesn't make people feel icky. >> Okay. So, how did you come up with that number? How much it's costing us? >> That's just my guess. No, you said 350 is your total net right now. >> Yeah. >> So, if we had to hire a service manager, I would imagine they're going to make 150ish. >> Yeah, that's what I would assume. >> Okay. So, 350 becomes 200. So, 40% of what you make would go to the service manager, >> but they're only going to be managing an apprentice and one other guy. Well, then we would then actually be able We already have two additional trucks, so we don't have bodies in. >> Oh, because you can't staff them. Got it. But do you have do you have jobs? >> Yes, we have leave. >> Oh, well then done. Done. This isn't even a question. Not even a question. Service guy for sure. Cuz even like Yeah. Done. That that that that was the that sealed the deal. Done. Not even a question. So then the question is, how 
[366:07] do you find a service manager you can deal with your husband? It's still gonna it's still going to ladder up to this. But I'll say I'll say something that maybe Ila, are you there? >> What? >> All right. You want to you want to hop in real quick? How do we deal with people not being able to deal with me? >> So John's here. He's he's hearing all >> right, John. So here's the deal. So Kristen and John own a plumbing company. John's out in the field. They've got one additional plumber and an apprentice. They've got more deals than they can handle. They've got two empty trucks and they can't have bodies because they can't keep anyone because John's a hard ass. >> Yeah. >> So, they either have to I mean, my goal was like, okay, well, hire the service manager, maybe take some of that off of John, but then the service manager is still going to report to John, >> or is it going to report to you, Kristen? >> So, I was going to say, how how would you This is a this is a pure people people and AI uh master class from Ila. >> Yeah. So, I look at it like this. What's your husband's name again, ma'am? John. >> John. >> John. Yeah. 
[367:07] >> So, there's the business. Can you see what I'm drawing? >> Oh, jeez. No. >> If you're not, go on YouTube. >> All right. So, like you're >> You're good. >> There's your business. And then and then there's John and then the the bubble of your business. John doesn't come into that bubble. >> John stays in this bubble. >> This is how Ila manages Alex. >> And then John gets to be Santa Claus. and you get to be the Grinch. And I found that that works incredibly well. And uh yeah, I had a one of my first mentors who said she took the whole business and basically circled all the departments except marketing and said, "Alex, you you do the marketing and then Ila, you take that the rest of it." And by the way, the people still report to you, Ila. >> And that worked out well for us. >> Greatest moment of my life. So I'll tell you the story. So, we paid I think $50,000 for a day of consulting from 
[368:08] like an operations person. And so, he said, "Hey, I want you guys to write on this whiteboard everything that occurs in this business." Like, what what are all the jobs and tasks that have to get done? So, he writes down this whole whiteboard covered with stuff that Leila and I are both doing. And so, then he takes this marker and he circles everything like every single thing on the board minus marketing. And he's like, "This is all I." And I was like, "I love this guy. We should pay him double." And you know why this is good for you is think of all the skills you're going to acquire. >> Yeah, absolutely. And this this kind of aligns with our personalities. >> Oh, good. >> Yeah. So, like just lean into your strengths. Like if you're more of a people person and him being on the field makes problems, then you just do that. I mean, we talk about it openly with our team and it's always like, okay, and we even talk openly like Alex, you always have a project to work on because if you don't have a project, then you're going to want to come in >> and break >> And break and then people are going to get mad and quit >> as one does. I mean like there's no there's no shame in the game. >> No, for sure. I I'll John, just to make you feel a little better, I'm 0 for 11 on EA's and the and the common and the 
[369:10] common thread between >> report to me now. >> And the common thread between me and the 11 of them is obviously them. So >> hilarious. >> No, but now the EA's all report to Ila because I am too difficult to deal with. >> Yeah. So I guess the question then like isn't that going to be confusing for the guys on the field? >> Not really. It depends if it's a technical thing or it's management. I think that's probably a key key differenti like you want to explain the the difference between like >> well just because you get information from somebody doesn't mean you need to report to them. So you know if you look at like a racy matrix for example it's like who's responsible who's accountable who's consulted and who's informed. It's like they're going to consult with John and learn from him but that doesn't mean that they're accountable to him and that he's responsible for them. you're responsible for them and they're accountable to you, but they might get consulted by John and then he gets informed about how they're doing. It doesn't mean that they're going to report to him. So, you know, >> service manager is reporting to me. >> Yeah. So, for example, you know, in our 
[370:11] business, so you know, Alex has a media team like technically they report to me, but they talk to him all the time, but they're not talking about how to grow the team, how to manage results, KPIs in, you know, infrastructure. They're talking to him about the media, the art. So that's the differentiator that you have to have >> the art. >> Okay. >> An artist. >> Okay. >> I think it'll work way better and you guys will be way happier if you have that cuz also like you want to have your own swim lanes and like know where you got to, you know, fit in and swim and just keep swimming. >> Yeah. John, wouldn't it be great if you didn't have anybody report to you and you could just like train them on how to do the stuff and then somebody else can manage their emotions and things? Yeah, that I mean the manage the emotions thing I think that hit it right on the the nail on the head for sure. It's a uh it's a difficult thing for me to do to manage men's emotions on a daily basis. >> I get it. >> I get it. >> Preaching preaching to the choir. All right. So that that helped you guys out. >> Yes. Very much. Thank you so much. 
[371:13] >> So the action item is hire the service manager. That guy reports to you, Kristen. And then John, you're just basically the you you're lead technician, right? Like when they have the most complex issues, they don't know how to do something. You, they call you, right? >> If the guys are like, "Hey, what do we think about this brand idea? What are we doing? What about this like this copy or this hook or this angle or this video or this whatever?" They're going to come to me to ask me about that. But if they're like, "Hey, I'm having a problem with Tommy." I'm like, "I don't know. That's not me. Not my problem." Well, they know not to talk to me about that. So, they just don't. But like that's the idea. >> And if you just remain scary, they just won't come to you eventually. >> That's the key. And another good one is that whenever they message you, just don't respond and eventually they stop. >> If you post them, they'll stop talking to you. >> That's the key. >> Oh yes, that's awesome. >> I got you. I got you. >> Have clearly been where we are. >> It's like we know. >> Well, I appreciate you guys. Donate some books and uh and I can't wait to to hear how the business goes. >> Yes, absolutely. Thank you so much. >> Thank you guys. Appreciate you. 
[372:14] >> All right, let's go. John Smith. That sounds like a fake name. What are we thinking? Adrian, 22-year-old girl. >> Yeah. I don't know. >> No. Thomas Cairo or John. Thomas Cairo. Okay. >> Thomas Cairo. >> How many more should we do? >> How many you want? >> Hello. Tom Pal >> Thomas Cairo. >> Yeah. >> What's up? It's Alex Hotline. >> Hey, how's it going, man? >> Rocking and rolling. I'm here with Ila. >> Hi. >> Hey, Ila. >> Are you watching the live stream or are you just on the phone? >> I'm I have the live stream on an iPad and I got my phone. >> Rock and roll, baby. All right. So, um business is what? Doing a million bucks a year. Um, well, last year we did uh 750, but I 
[373:14] uh I worked with Alex's books, you know, and some chat GBT and got it to in the last two months 100,000 revenue. >> Well, I'll be I'll be amazing. Can't wait till you use the playbooks. You'll love them. Um, okay. So, so good return on the books then. So, uh, >> yeah, fantastic. >> Excited today because of all >> Oh, awesome, man. For everyone at home, I did not validate these earnings. This is just him self-reporting it. your results will vary. Uh that being said, not bad for a book regardless. Uh imagine 12 more that you get for free if you donate 200 books and have an AI trained on all the other notes. I'm I'm messing with you. Not really. You should go buy the book anyway. >> No, I'm trying to build my own Alex bot. You know, >> this will be much better. Okay. What's the limit? What's the constraint right now? What are you trying to do? You got to you got you grew from 750 to a million. Do you want to build new locations? Do you want to scale the existing? What do you want to do? uh scale the existing to then potentially more locations and step back. I uh it's just me and an assistant 
[374:16] and my front desk. >> Okay. >> Um and I got a intern and she's about to go um getting paid and we're trying to decide like what is a fair split. So I spoke with people in my industry and they're doing between 2575 and 3070. Um, so I stuck with that and then I was going to give her a 5050 on uh product sales and um then uh 10% on growth of net in the future >> for the front desk girl. >> Uh no, for my new associate. >> Oh, like a like a but it's a it's a it's a Cairo, right? >> Yeah, Cairo. But we do like I don't know if you've heard of Softwave. It's a we got two of these $100,000 stem cell machines that could regenerate meniscus. >> Okay. um >> functional med. So, we do a lot of uh concussion work. >> Okay. >> Um and then I'm interviewing some nurse practitioners to do therapeutic peptides. Um like through like we're trying to make like a regenerative kind of program because I have a lot of high 
[375:17] net worth people up in Vil, Colorado that >> Okay. You're in Veil. >> Yeah. >> Got it. Heard. Okay. What's the margin on your million? Um, well, this month it'll be probably 70 75. >> Amazing. That's great. Okay. 75% margins and you increased it. I'm guessing all the stuff you got from my stuff just added straight to the bottom line. >> Yep. Uh, just one like my social I'm I'm learning and growing. My wife's uh photographer and does graphic design, so she's been doing that. We got four kids, so she tries to help when she can. How how many more how many more people can you sell right now before you hit capacity in your facility? >> So, within the last 3 months with the intern, I booked her to 45% booked. >> Okay. >> I'm 100% and I've been that way for years and I'm trying to get her to, you know, 75 and then bring on another person, another >> Well, if you're actually How far out are you booked? I'm I'm only booked like I'm I'm booked two weeks out 70% but I could always 
[376:17] take on 30. >> Okay. >> So the question is how much to compensate her? >> To compensate her uh to kind of get her to stick long term because she's she's like all freaking out. um that I originally started 50/50. But then I realized after running the numbers if she grosses 20k it leaves me with nothing just with Facebook ads >> course and equipment. Yeah. >> So you have to do everything off gross profit not off revenue. So number one >> okay >> so all your calculations in terms of compensation have to be have to operate from gross profit. >> Is she a is she a full-time employee or is she a contractor? She's gonna be a W2 full time. >> Okay. >> Okay. So, the issue is just like literally it's just compensation. That's all we need to answer here. >> Well, compensation I didn't want to bog you down, but I also got um I had my own supplement line that I'm going to expand with. I'm talking to some guys who used 
[377:18] to work for Eli Liy with uh kind of making affordable peptides that aren't on the gray market and then trying to go take that more regional and then nationally. >> Why? And then what that? >> No. >> No. Just don't do it, dude. You might I can't even tell you. Like >> different game, man. I mean, like, if you want to do it, do it and get rid of the office. >> Well, no. I wanted the office to kind of run itself and give this girl kind of like the power to kind of take over that location. You know, it was just a >> It's going to run itself. >> It's going to run itself. Yeah, it'll run itself for sure. >> You guys run this on your own. >> Yeah. Yeah. It'll It'll just It'll It autopilot, dude. It'll just like it's while you sleep. While you sleep just cash flow, passive income. >> No, I'm >> Well, with with four year four kids, I get up at like four o'clock every day to work out, do all the stuff I have to do. I 10 hours with patients, be with the kids, and then work two more hours and I'm like, how can I get more time? You know, my father-in-law is in the self- storage business and I'm like, he just flies around and collects checks. That's 
[378:19] awesome. Yeah. >> I think the question is >> he's also probably like 25 years ahead of you, but there's that >> more than that. 84, >> right? And you know what? When you're 84, I'll bet you this. You will also be able to drive around in cash checks and not have to wait till you're 84. I really mean that. >> You're comparing your like first chapter to like chapter, you know, 17. Um, anyways, so let's get down to like there's there's two there's two decisions we need to make. One is I I'll just say and Leila and I both kind of jumped on this trying to start the the the peptide thing. I do think there's an opportunity in peptides right now. So, I don't want to be I don't want to say that there's not. There is, but it's a business and it's a totally different business and it's going to take 110% of your attention. And so, if you're like, "Hey, I want to get time back." You're just going to be working just as much in that, just to be clear. So, it's like, "What problem are we solving?" If it's like, "I just generically want to make more money and work less." Neither of your solutions are going to do that. >> If you figure it out, 
[379:19] >> Yeah. Right. So, I think that if you want to bring this this gal in or and whatnot, like eventually the way to make the the Cairo system work is that you have an owner operator, which is the right way to think about it. Typically, like we just back out like our percentages. We never have strict percentages that we stick to. It's purely based on OT, so on target earnings. So, we look at what's the market price for somebody who's, you know, a way above average person. Call it 85th percentile. This is to be fair how we do business. Not everyone does it this way. But we do it this way because we prefer to play above market and get way better people and that almost always pays for it. Not almost, it just pays for itself. So we look at 85%. Yeah. 85% uh above market OT and then reverse that into the actual expected level of delivery that she's going to do. So let's say that I'm just using simple math. The math is going to be completely wrong, but just understand the concept. So let's say that uh she does uh you know 10 back cracks a month. I know that's not what it is, but just again simple math. 10 back cracks a month. Uh if we want her to make 
[380:20] $200,000 a year, right? Then we're going to say you're going to make 80k base and you're going to get $1,000 per backtrack. And so that gets you to 200. So 80K plus 10 a month equals 120. 80 plus 120, you're at 200. So we just take the OT of 200 or whatever that number is and then back it in to what what level of activity she needs to do. what she doing now. >> No, but I'm saying like that's that is the thinking process to reverse engineer it. Now, if she's going to run the whole thing, then you don't even need to be nearly as granular. You can just say you're going to get 10% of the profit. >> Yeah. The more complicated an incentive plan, the harder it is because you have to consistently update it >> and it's going to be a lot of back office work. Plus, it's if you look at the psychology behind incentive plans as well as pricing, the more simple it is, the less variables, the more people want to buy it or people want to take the offer to work for you because it's easy to understand and predict how much money you're going to make. People just want to know how to predict how much money 
[381:20] they're going to make. If they have more than like two variables, it gets messy and then it's not easy to predict. So, I've just seen the simpler the better. I've even seen sometimes with positions like this that it works better to just give them a base >> profit share >> plus profit share and they come on with the understanding that you have to hit X targets to maintain your job >> rather than like okay you have to hit these targets to get this money to it's like okay well what I'm actually saying is that if you don't hit these targets I don't want to pay you so like we could also just do that. >> Yeah. So, I think base plus call it 10 or 20% that should equal out to whatever the ontarget earnings for this role is in terms of market rate. And then that's it. >> Okay? >> Keeps it simple. And her job and I would say this, I'll just give you a little speech that I I've given more times than I care to share. I call it the cell phone speech. All right? So, the way it works is this. You say, "Hey, what's her name?" The girl >> uh Paige. >> Okay? So, it's like, "Hey, Paige, we're going to put Paige's picture on the wall." And it says this location. I'm, you know, I'm a This is Paige's location. That way, she has some some actual ownership over it. When she walks in, she feels some some pride of 
[382:21] ownership of the of the four walls. Okay. Beyond that, you say, "Okay, Paige, so I'm going to give you your base plus this profit share." But let me tell you what I'm giving this profit share for. When something happens, this phone, which I hold in my hand, doesn't ring. So, let's roleplay it. Someone falls and breaks their back. What do you do? If any answer is call me, it's the wrong answer. That's what I'm pay. That's what I'm trading for. And so that I just walk and you role play a couple and it's ridiculous and it's absurd. But then it's like, okay, they get it. It's like I'm giving you this so you don't bother me. And then under these two conditions is when you can you can you can call me. If there's something that's over $10,000 or over a thou, you know, whatever the number is uh that's relevant for you, uh that's a financial decision, you call me. Otherwise, this place is yours and I fronted all the capital and I'm going to make sure it's full and you work it and you get your base that's guaranteed plus you get 20% or whatever the number is of the profit. >> And do you think I should avoid profit 
[383:22] sharing at different numbers versus product or services? Because I was thinking, >> no, just do profit on the whole location. Just do profit on the whole location. >> Yeah. >> Yeah. Because she's going to be she's going to be pushing all of it, right? If you think about it, you want to have your the incentives of an operator to be as close to the incentives of you. So the the broader and more general the profit share plan, the more they're aligned with your incentives versus just pushing specific things. It's like you want it to be more holistically aligned with the entire P&L rather than any one thing >> because otherwise people start gaming it. So the really really uh like if you had a business that people sold tickets then it's simple to have like okay at 100 tickets you get this at 200 tickets you get why because they literally only do one thing every day. If you have a more generalized set of directions that's okay we got to answer the phone I got to clean the desk I got to I got to sell stuff I got to deliver then just having a more overarching incentive structure makes more sense. >> Yeah. >> Cool. >> No that makes sense. Yeah. Appreciate it. >> Rock and roll. Appreciate you man. Cool. 
[384:24] Thanks, guys. Appreciate it. >> Thank you. Donate some books. All right. Bye. >> I will. >> All right. Thank you. Bye. >> Okay. >> Take one last one. >> Okay. >> Samantha, >> who's it? You want You want Samantha? >> Yeah. >> All right. Here we go. >> Samantha winner. >> You're last up. >> Samantha better answer. Samantha better answer. >> Hello. >> Hi, Samantha. It's Laya and Alex from Mosie. >> Hi. How are you? Good. How are you? Are you still watching the live or are you just uh verbal? >> Yes, I am still watching the live. >> Amazing. >> So, how can we be of service? >> Yeah. So, I guess uh well, first off, like we run a tutoring company. So, we're prep for success tutors and we run basically for Elsa tutoring. Our biggest problem is retention. So in terms of retention of tutors as well as retention of clients because we do a pay as you go model and we totally understand that that is probably not the best thing but 
[385:27] it does help with the sale initially. >> Yeah. >> Um and then in terms of tutoring uh or sorry our tutors having like a gig before law school is a lot of what our tutors do but getting like full-time tutors is definitely challenging. So that's our two biggest problems. >> So I I almost started a tutoring business. Um and so I really because I I like standardized testing, which is weird, but anyways. Um I let's let's separate the problems here. All right. So you've got the the tutor issue in terms of retention, and then you've got the the client issue, right? >> Yes. >> Now, what you didn't say, but I saw in the in the in the text that I got, you're getting you're doing seven million topline, four million bottom line, right? >> Yes. >> Girl, you're smoking it. We're we're we're the broke version of you and Leila. Me and my wife. >> No, you guys are the rich version. You guys are awesome. You guys are killing it. >> Yeah. My husband's here with me. We basically are >> started the company together in college. 
[386:27] >> I I do like the HR marketing side and he mainly does the sales side. So, he helps me out with that side and I kind of do a lot of the brains behind the scenes. >> Oh, so you haven't split it the way we do it. So, I have it. So, Leila does everything and I take the credit. That's the uh that's the split. >> It's so good. You'll get there, man. You'll get there. You just got to keep slowly giving things to her and not responding to people. >> I'm not tired at all. >> Yeah. Yeah. So, >> I could keep going salary that she got to spend so she feels like we're broke and invest the rest. >> Well, great. Okay. So, I I just want to say you're doing you're doing seven top, four million bottom. Like I don't think there might be anything necessarily wrong with the business. >> I think I Yeah. >> This might be a feature, not a bug. >> Yes. So, it's kind of a pick your problem, which is like the current problem you have is the the one with the tutoring and the clients, but it's like, okay, in order to fix that problem, you change the business model, which allows you to make this money. And there is literally no business in existence that doesn't have a downside. Every business has the problem that you have to 
[387:28] continuously tackle for years and years because it is the downside. We call it like I like to say the downside of the upside. Like what makes your business so good is also what creates this problem for you. This is the hard. Yep. >> You have a really healthy business. There's We looked at a lot of tutoring. >> Oh, yeah. You guys are great. >> You guys are doing great. >> Awesome. Awesome. >> Is there anything that you would say that could tweak it to maybe even make it better though? >> So, I'll say this. I'll say this. You guys have you have really good margins right now, right? So you could absolutely pay people pay a couple people to take a lot of stuff off your plate and probably not impact your margin that much. So if you said I'm going to allocate $500,000 to bring some real talent in two two people at 250 who are monsters, like you guys your your your standard of living would go up so dramatically and I'll bet you'd still fill your time up to go grow the business and then you'd end up still making more absolute. >> I'm happy to pay that. Can you help me find those two people? >> Just got to do the dude. Like it's just 
[388:30] you just got to you got to kiss a lot of frogs. Yeah, you got a lot of frogs. A lot of toads. Is it toads or frogs? >> Am I a toad? >> Is there any um way that you would suggest to hiring those is like Indeed, Zip Recruiter, LinkedIn recruiting? Like is there >> talent? Um do you guys have social media presence? >> Uh we're we're starting with it. We haven't. Um, but within the last like probably six months or so, we've been producing >> probably about two to three videos a day and just trying to get stuff out. That's great. >> Honestly, reputation and just, you know, paid ads and, you know, we got over 300 five star Google reviews now. >> It's really good. Okay. So, first off, I think um posting it on your social medias like you would be shocked. That's the first thing. The second thing is I always think when I have like a very specific role I'm looking for that's hard especially in any business I re like it sounds and it's not scalable but you do the unscalable which is like your network like who do I know that knows this person where does this person 
[389:30] >> exist and I think we still do that to this day which is like >> who do I know that knows a person with this skill >> 100% >> call them text them >> the problem is is like our network is all broke people like we from nothing >> no I hear you >> that's fair >> no so you like you go in the places they're at. That's like joining the communities, join the forums, join the Slack threads, join the Discord groups, join the school communities. Go ahead. >> The the next piece that I I would suggest for you guys is doing basically make a list of 10 places, 20 places where these people already work and then you reach out to them yourself. >> Gotcha. >> Because like and that's what a lot of people won't do, but I will tell you it has there are people in this building right now that are because I did that. >> What are these two people? What are the roles? What would you say? What are the names of the roles? Director of marketing, director of like what what do you think those two roles are for this company? >> Mind if I take this one? >> Yeah. >> I'm going to give you a Lea answer. So, the first thing we would do is you do a time study on your calendars because 
[390:31] right now the business is small. So, you guys are probably each wearing like three hats each. >> Yeah. >> So, when you do that, Yeah. I'm sure. And so, what we basically have to do is like you guys are both junk drawers right now. you're doing a little bit of everything. You've done some delineation, but I'll bet you there's a ton of crossover and there's a ton of other stuff, right? And so, we have to look at all the things you're currently spending your time on and then think, okay, does any of these bucket together into a role that actually makes sense that we could attract someone who might have a relevant skill set? >> Okay, >> that's how I think Ila would answer it. >> No, I mean, it's it's the truth. It's And listen, you're going to have to guess. And at in the beginning, it's kind of like just >> it'll change. You have to be okay with the fact that there's going to be uncertainty. Like even we can't give you the certainty because I post jobs all the time and then I'm like, "Oh, I get feedback from the market when I'm talking to people and I'm like, "Oh, it's actually probably not a director, it's a manager." Or, "You know what? I actually think that that's a specialist and it's not a lead." Like, you're going to have to adjust as you go. Um, and even now like I take like I would take that time study, put it into AI and be 
[391:33] like tell me what job descriptions fit these responsibilities out of all the ones on LinkedIn, Zipper Group, like all the places. >> Now, now write me now write me a job description. Now write me a great >> tell me what title you think is appropriate. >> Exactly. >> And I'd love to get to about 20 million, you know, top line, you know, 11 12 bottom line. Um, it's about, you know, a two and a half X, let's call it. Um I think if I just take right now our average client does about 20 hours of tutoring at us, you know, our prep program is normally around 50 to do to feel fully prepared for the ELSAT. Um I know we can take it from 2 to 50, but I just I mean from 20 to 50 hours. Um but I guess how do I better focus on that client retention and having them stick around to do a full 50 hour program. I'll actually I'm going to bet you right now that this is a this is actually a money model thing is how can we reposition the offer such that we can get a way higher percentage of people to choose on their own to just buy the 50 and then are there financing partners that we can set up as well uh to make 
[392:34] this a little bit easier for some people? Those would be that like that's like my first my first inclination. >> You want to give people the pay as you go option. they just kind of do 20 hours and not not as many build up to the 50 which is >> like and so then the question is like how can I incentivize someone to not want to do that and so you have pay as you go pay as you go can be one of two options so it's like listen everybody feels repaired at 50 or like 80 you know collect the stats 89% of people feel prepared at 50 hours okay so this is what we want most people to do we also understand that it's not necessarily you know some people are poor because you guys are students or whatever it is and so it's like we have this financing partner also because it's education and because It's an established field for like legal. There probably are pretty decent lending partners for things that are related to that. That would be my bet. >> And so I would say we do this and then in the instance that that does not work then we have the pay as you go model as a downell. >> Uhhuh. >> Yeah. And I think that >> and then I guess >> Yeah. Go ahead. >> Go. I was going to say what my other question was why didn't you start the test prep business? I know you were 
[393:35] close to it. You did well in the GMAT. You're good at test taking like myself. You know, I I got a perfect score on the SAT math. My parents doing like math competitions. I was a young kid. Yeah. So, I kind of can connect on that. But I guess why didn't you jump into that space? >> Uh because I was emotional. So, I did this whole curriculum. I put all this stuff together and I was supposed to partner with one of my college professors and I gave him all the stuff and then he ended up just like going and doing it because I didn't understand how like business worked. And you know what? It might have been not a big deal or whatever, but to me at the time I felt so um what do you call it? >> Betrayed. >> Yeah, betray's a little strong, but yeah, I snuffed >> um that I just I I was like, "Nope, I'll do something else." And so then I just decided not to do it. Is that a logical decision-making process? Absolutely not. I just >> I just chose not to do that decently well for you. >> It worked out okay. It worked out okay. So, >> I mean, you're doing fine now. >> Thank you. I appreciate it. What I don't like about the business is if we do a good job, people don't need us anymore. >> That's okay. 
[394:36] >> Every business. >> Let me Yeah. Let me give you the other side of it. Every year there's more. >> Yeah. >> Right. They make new ones every year. >> Yeah. >> Okay. So, I appreciate you guys. Rock and roll. Donate some books. >> Feed some entrepreneurs. Thank you guys. I appreciate it. Seriously, thank you. And thank you on behalf of the 200 entrepreneurs that you give books to. >> Thank you. All right. >> Bye, Tutaloo. All right. So, do you want to do this one? >> What? >> We're going to close this down. >> We're going to close it down. >> Are we closing it down? >> For real. >> We are. >> We're closing down. >> You're done. You're like, I'm done. >> What? >> You're done. >> Me? >> Yeah. Are you? >> Uh, if I >> You got to pee now. All right. >> Okay, fine then. I will I will do this one last one last run. >> Okay. >> 10 minutes. I can stand up here. What? >> I can stand here for 10 minutes. I can hold it. >> You can hold it free with 200 books. You look great, by the way. All right. So, 
[395:37] for those of you who are who just hopped on who just recently hopped on in the last in the last seven hours, let me tell you. So, we started today and for those of you who are newer, which probably is like at least half of you or more. Um, I did something that was pretty crazy. All right, so I wrote this book. Um, it's been four years that I had uh $100 million offers, $100 leads, and $100 million money models. And so, I wrote all those books at once and then I've released them two years apart. And the plan was to show each of literally demonstrate the concepts of each of the books when I release the book. So offers was just supposed to be an unbelievable offer. So good you feel stupid saying no that it would grow on it on its own with word of mouth and that's exactly what it did. And so today four years later it's still number one in every category that it's in. It's got 26,000 fivestar reviews and it was because it was a grand slam offer. It had a course that came with it for free. No opt-in. The book started at I think 99 cents or 199 
[396:38] whatever it was on Amazon. Um and many people consumed it. Leads was a book all about advertising. So then I took the same concept of the offer then wrapped in the second layer of okay if you have an amazing offer then you also advertised the hell out of it and we had the first mega launch which was two years ago. Then this one two years later this is about monetization and so it's about the 15 mechanisms that allow you to monetize uh a customer relationship and ideally the ways that are most mutually beneficial to the business and to the customer and said simply it allows you to get customers to spend more money in less time over and over again. It accelerates the cash conversion cycle. And so we advertised this event. So we took the offer concept, wrapped in the advertising concept, and then also wrapped on top of the money model concept so that we could run an event like this and have it effectively be free. So we spent $4 million in advertising and then as of this morning, I think we had something like $7 million in book sales before we started today. So we basically broke even on running an event of this size. And the only way we're able to do that is because of the money model mechanism 
[397:38] inside the book. All right? And so for everybody who was here at the very beginning of the day, number one, um there's a whole system that I recorded. I think it's eight or nine hours that breaks down the book in a course format um that you will get for free just for being here. Okay? So it's eight hour course. It's amazing. It shows how you do attraction offers, upsell offers, downell offers, continuity offers. Everyone gets that for free. Number one. Number two, I recorded the audio book for this. Instead of it being for sale, it's also free. So you get the course for free, you get the audiobook for free right off the bat. Number three, over this period of time, I also chugged a beer. But besides that, besides that, I also wrote a secret fourth book called The Lost Chapters. This book is the same level of quality and depth as the other three books. It's just stuff that was either too advanced or too niche or too siloed for a specific industry for me to be able to 
[398:40] put it in the the main cannon of the books. But this thing slays. All right. And this is also free. It's a digital copy for everyone who's here live. Just to be clear, anybody who's not here live is not going to get this. This will be for sale for $29.99 after this event, as soon as this live stream's over. All right? So, you guys came here live and so you will get a copy of this for free. So, you get the Money Models course for free. You get the Money Models audiobook for free. you get this digital version for free which will be for sale after the event. So that's the third thing you get. The fourth thing you get is that some of you guys know that I'm an investor in school, right? Well really coowner. Um and when I when I invested the money two years ago into stool school, one of the big stipulations was three things. Number one, I I wanted to have a way for it to be cheaper for people who wanted to get started because one of the biggest things that people have who follow my stuff, I have like as of for this event, 65% of people who came here were business owners, but 25 35% of people were not business owners. And so 
[399:40] it's like what do you do for for all of all of y'all, right? And I want to make sure that took care of you guys because you guys have always been awesome. And so the first thing we did was we put all of the money models mechanisms inside of school so you can actually do it in the platform. So school now can facilitate the 15 mechanisms that exist inside of the money models training and book. You can actually execute them. So rather than just reading about them, you can turn them into reality. Okay, that's number one. Number two, school has been 14 days free since its inception. It's never changed 14 days free. four and a half, five, whatever it is now, except for right now, just for the launch until next Saturday. And instead of 14 days free, you're not going to get 14 days free. You probably won't even get 30 days free. Well, I mean, you could if you wanted to, but I'm going to give you more than that. You won't get 45 days free or even 60 days free. But I wanted to give you 90 days free. three months to be able to 
[400:42] actually get going, start your business, use money models using the platform. It's free. And the third stipulation uh for for for the deal two years ago was that when the time was right, which now feels like the time, we were able to drive down the price from $99 a month, which is what school has been for four plus years, to $9 a month. So that after the 90 days and you will be able to keep that price for life if you sign up in the next week. Okay? And so inside of the school, it has all that stuff in there. You also don't have to do that. I have it on my website as well. All right? So it's not like a mandatory thing, but it's my gift to you so you guys can actually get going. And I do this because I get it. I've been broke and I wanted to make something so that if you were like if you have nothing, you can make something of yourself. So there's no more excuse. You have every single tool. You can process payments. You can host everything. You literally need no more technology. And all the information you need to get started is there. It's all yours for free. That's my gift to you. Everybody 
[401:44] who's a beginner. Now, my mission, the reason that we did this whole launch, this was a five, sixyear plan for me for the trilogy of the $100 million series, was that I thought it would be really elegant if the $und00 million series could finish with a meta concept of every single book, demonstrating the concept of the book. And it would be also really elegant if we could do $100 million in sales in a day with a hundred million dollar series. That's why I called it that. And so this has been not a a 12-week thing, not even a 12-month thing. This has been many years in the making. And a lot of pieces went together to put this together. And so the mission was for this was I wanted to be able to put these books in the hands of every entrepreneur in America. That's 32 and a half million business owners. So we're not even close. We're about a tenth of the way there. But at least hopefully you will believe me when I'm taking it seriously that we really want to do that. And so in in service of that mission, the idea was okay, what can I do to incentivize business owners, the other 65% of the room who are business owners to help me make that happen? And 
[402:47] so that's what came the idea of donating 200 bucks to help other entrepreneurs get these things into their hands. And so I'm not going to expect you to just donate 200 books. So I wanted to make it worth your while and I wanted to make it the best business decision of the year easily. And so when you donate 200 bucks, this is what I'll give you on top for free just for helping us support this cause and helping other entrepreneurs. So the first thing that you're going to get when you donate 200 bucks is the lead system. So, we found out there's four systems that businesses needed to get unstuck. So, either they have a lack of quality leads, they can't convert the prospects they got, they can't deliver, or they have a pricing issue around profit. And if you saw some of the calls that I just took, I probably should have bucketed them better for you, but it fell usually in one of these four categories. And so, I spent the last two years with the team. We had 1,26 plus business owners who came to our in person our 
[403:48] headquarters so that we could figure out and actually codify all the problems and by codifying them we were able to create checklists and literal scripts to follow for them to actually solve their specific constraint. But if you imagine if you have a leads issue I can't just solve it with one thing. There's usually going to be two, three, maybe four things that have to get solved depending on what type of uh way you get customers. If you're more ads driven, if you're more content organic driven, if you if you just need a more uh more operational flow, you just need increase volume. These are all the checklists that we use, the playlist, the things that we literally gave people that paid $35,000, they would get a portion of one of these. I'm giving you all 12 for free when you donate 200 bucks. All right? So, you'll get the lead system, which includes GoDaddy Ads, which shows you how to scale. We got up to 500,000 a day in ads using this system, this per day. All right? Using Go to Dad's playbook, we also get the hooks playbook, which if you think about the hooks is really the tip of the spear for every kind of marketing you have. If you do nothing but make your hooks twice as effective, you can double the business. Again, that's an illustration. I'm not 
[404:48] promising that for you. I'm just saying that's what happens if you double the front end of a business. Branding. Many of you have already realized that on a long enough time horizon, you need to develop a brand. You need to build a brand. And so, there's a way to do that. And I was somebody who's very slow to learn, extremely slow to learn this. And so, I had to figure out how to actually do it because brand is this big amorphous thing. was like, "How do you actually build a brand?" Right? This shows you how to do it. And then the marketing machine will help you pull your face away and actually put operational flows in place so that you don't have to be the one who's marketing. Okay? You can actually have your customers and other flows be the things that drive the marketing for you. So that's the lead system. You get all four of those playbooks free. That's number one when you donate 200 bucks. The second system, the sales system. All right. So lead nurture playbook. This helps you get two things. More schedules, more shows. If you do nothing else in the business, the business grows. If you get more schedules are and more of the schedule show, it's a double bump on sales. All right, this comes from all the findings I had from Allen. I basically everything that I learned from owning one company that all it did 
[405:49] was lead nurture, I put into this book. And this how we have routinely 89% so far this year show rates for this whole year at acquisition.com. 89% show rates. And it's not because it's one thing. It's like 28 tiny things. And we learned it because I hired this data scientist from Russia to look at hundreds of thousands of appointments and figure out what is every single thing that increases throughput and we put them all in here. That's the first thing that you'll get for free in the sales system. The second is the closing handbook. So when I was broke and $100,000 in debt, I had to fly out to train my sales people so that I wasn't going to lose everything. All right? And so inside of here, I have the best closes that I know that I drilled people on that actually close deals. And I'll say the highlight of this is something that I figured out, which is the seven universal closes. Now, this is something that I've never talked about publicly in all the sales content, and I've yet to hear anybody else who talks about sales talk about them. But what are the closes that if you if you knew nothing else, you have to know these seven, and you can teach it to any new 
[406:50] sales rep. Because fundamentally, what it allows you to do is ask again and again and again without being pushy or offensive. And I'll show you how to the reframe framework so that you can continue to get shots on goal because fundamentally the people who ask the most get the most, but they're also the people who fend the most. So, how do you balance that? How do you balance those two things? That playbook shows you how. That's also free. On top of that, you have the proof checklist. Right now, if you're not closing sales fast enough, it's because you don't have enough the right kind of proof displayed at the right time, the right kind of way. And so, with the proof checklist, you can implement this throughout your entire sales process to accelerate cash conversion. And so that's the sales system. You get the nurture playbook, the closing playbook, and the proof checklist free. So you get all four lead system free, all three of the sales system free when you donate 200 bucks, which you can do at go.acq.com. The next one is the delivery system. So it's like, okay, you got your leads, you're selling, but what about delivery? And so one of the big issues sometimes, you heard some of the calls, is lifetime value. People aren't worth enough to me. And so sometimes people think it's a leads issue, but really you're just not 
[407:50] making enough per customer. You make too little. And so there's eight different ways you can transact with a customer. And this is a value mapping exercise that we run internally in order to generate more sales. And inside of here, if you have not if you do nothing else, I think I told one of the people in there, um, this is the thing that can generate more LTV. So that's the first. The second is churn is retention. So school obviously we have millions of memberships and so we have access to so much data on what actually drives retention for any kind of subscriptions. And so we took all the learnings and put it into here. And this is the reason that school can went from a million to 15 plus million users in 18 months, right? Is the learnings that I put inside of here. We spent $6.5 million, right? On just learning this this little thing. How do we do this, right? On how do we convert from point A to point B inside of here. It's yours for free when you donate books to other entrepreneurs. Okay. And then the fourth system is the profit system. This is the fastest, lowest operational drag that you can jage in your business today. All 
[408:51] right. And so this is the fast cash playbook. Every business needs to have ways to generate cash quickly, whether it's taxes, emergencies, funding, expansion, or, you know, like I said, personal favorite, just giving yourself a raise. All right. And so I learned this the hard way, but you should be able to run these two to four times a year that you can run to your existing list. And if you're B2B, you can show these plays and run them for your clients. And if you are B toC, you just run these yourself. and it'll give you a calendar system so that you can actually promote on a calendar and all of the extra revenue that comes from existing customers drops disproportionately to the bottom line. Not a promise that's going to happen. I'm just saying that's how it works. Now, the second of the profit system is pricing. I could write multiple books on pricing. These are my top 10 instant pricing optimizations. I told a story earlier about a guy named Hussein. He might be on here still. Um he did he he does has a marketing EHD for stem cell clinics just by following this which he just he read on his plane flight home. All right, these are all engineered to be one sitting. The goal is not to overwhelm you. The goal is to give you the fewest things that you can use to 
[409:52] grow your business the most. And so he he read it on the plane flight home and then all he did was he just reposition the offer using the pricing variables inside of here and he was able to triple the amount of customers who bought and triple his LTV. I'm not saying it's going to happen for you. His results are different, but I'm saying that is the power of pricing. It's the strongest lever in profitability for a business. And so you get all 10 instant pricing pricing optimizations in here plus 17 rules for pricing my pricing algorithms that are all here for free. And the third and last one is that if you are going to change your prices, you're going to want to do it with a system. All right. I had I've led a lot like a lot a lot like many hundreds I guess probably thousand now of businesses through price raises or price changes. Learning how to communicate that in a way that minimizes the risk to the business so you can sell as many customers on your new way of doing business as possible is one of the most profitable things you can do. And so inside of here, it has the most battle tested letter that shows you every single part, how to fill in the blanks, how to send it, how to pick your pricing sweet spot, how to have a trap door for customers so you don't lose them even if 
[410:54] you change the price. All of the little tricks and tips that took me a very long time to learn and you can just do it right on the first shot. So that's the price raise letter. So you're going to get all 12 of these playbooks, which people pay $35,000 for just one of them. And that's not marketer math. That's what people actually pay. That's what they came. They got one day and they got a portion one of these. you if you help me donate 200 bucks, which is why I'm trying to do this, which is why this is absurd. That's why these numbers are so insane because the people who have come here and paid $35,000 are like, "This is insane." And that's why I'm doing this. It is insane. I'm also trying to put a book in the hands of every entrepreneur in America. That's insane. So, I have to do insane stuff, too. So, you'll get the lead system, including goed ads, hooks, branding, and marketing uh marketing machine free. You're going to get the sales system, which include lead literature, closing, and proof checklist free. You're going to get the lifetime value and the retention playbook free. And you're gonna get fast cash pricing and price race playbook in the pricing the profit system free. All four system all 12 playbooks absolutely free when you donate 200 books to entrepreneurs. You can go to go.acq.com right now to do 
[411:54] it. All right? Because the moment this thing ends one of these bonuses disappearing and I'm going to show you which one it is. Now over that same period of time I did 226 one-on-one consultations with business owners. They paid $135,000. $135,000 for that consultation. And I did it over two years, which is insane, which is all of these are my actual notes from every one of those consultations. And I did it for one reason, despite the fact that it was an entirely unscalable model. I wanted to build something that could scale. And that's why we built ACQAI. And so we trained it on all three of the books, all the notes that are not published from the books, all 12 of the implementation playbooks, and all 226 of my one-on-one consultations. So that every single type of business could be like, "Well, what do you do for this? What do you do for that?" I did it probably once or more than once of a business like that. And so, you can ask the questions to help it personalize which playbook for you and how to make it specific for your industry. This $31 million of consulting work went into 
[412:55] this. It's yours for free. You donate 200 bucks. And if you're like, "Well, which playbook is going to be right for me right now? How do I use the tool?" That's why we have a full day virtual implementation workshop. So Leila's going to be there. I'm gonna be there. We're going to show you how to wield these tools with skill so you can actually apply them to your business, right? We train our people on how to use our own AI so that we can provide better advisory work. We're going to show you how to use our internal tools. Probably one of the most valuable things I can do. And so you can bring whoever you want to that because it is virtual. So that's one of the advantages. So if you have a team who you want to bring with you, you can bring them. All right. These tickets are also free and included when you donate 200 bucks to other entrepreneurs. And the last one is this. So we just broke the non-fiction fast or the fastest gez I don't remember the fastests selling non-fiction book in history. We just surpassed George Bush, Bill Clinton, Michelle Obama, Barack Obama, 
[413:59] and Prince Harry for the last five spots to have the fastests selling non-fiction book in history. And the reason that I was so passionate about that was because when I looked at the list, the other ones below that, the top 10, all politicians. And listen, I, you know, I got no beef with politicians. I'd prefer to stay alive. All right? But the thing is this, it felt weird to me that people who have all this media that was state sponsored, all of them were the leaders for the non-fiction book sales. I was like, this is the And most of them have ghostriters. They even write their own books. And I was like, one of us should do it, right? An entrepreneur should do it. We're the ones paying all the taxes. We're the ones footing all the bills. We're the ones taking all the risks. We're the ones getting sued every day. We should be the ones doing this. And so, we broke the record earlier today. And uh the record's still going until uh 10:00 a.m. tomorrow, I think. And so, inside of here is the launch blackbook. So, it contains every single email, every single text, the affiliate 
[415:00] recruitment blackbook, the entire campaign spaced out, the blueprint daybyday of what we did to plan for this, the internal memos explaining the different offers that we had created, a 200 book and an 800 book bundle, the 800 book bundles for the Super Ballers. If you're a big business owner, it's on the thank you page after you donate 200. And inside of here, like I spent $4 million on ads, and that's just on the ads. what I spent on creating this cost me even more. And you're gonna get this the entire thing for free when you donate 200 bucks. All right. So, you're gonna get the lead system free. You're going to get the sales system free. You get the delivery system free. You can get the profit system free. You get the ACQA free. 30 million $31 million of consulting work. ACQ virtual implementation workshop and the launch blackbook free when you donate 200 books at go.acq.com. And this launch blackbook will disappear the moment this live stream ends. And this is the launch blackbook that just broke the world record. So I feel like it's pretty cool. All right. So this 
[416:02] ends. Do we do a timer? Is that how we're going to do this? So if you're on the fence, now's the time to do it. Now's the time to do it. >> Let's do a countdown. >> All right. You want to do a countdown? Can we do that? >> Give us a 60 seconds. >> 60. Give him five minutes. Like 60 seconds. I saw some people in the chat just diving heart attacks. >> All right, five minutes. You got till six. >> Three minutes. Give them three minutes. All right, if you want to go, go. Go.Q.com. That disappears. Do we have a timer somewhere? >> Someone said three minute timer. >> All right, I'll set it on a phone. >> I got a phone. >> You got a phone? >> Don't worry. I got a real phone. >> All right. Can we show show the official Oh, we got time. We got time clock there. There we go. We got >> You want to show it? We got to show it. All right. All right. The official timer has started. There's three minutes and then this thing ends. All right. So, go to go.acq.com. Everything that's here behind us, all of this you get for free when you donate 200 bucks to other entrepreneurs. You'll get an email code 
[417:05] that uh that you can redeem. So, if you're like, well, I don't want to distribute them. Don't worry. It was the number one request from last year. Uh we will distribute the books for you. Um and if you're like, hey, I want 10 books. It's like that's fine. just redeem the code for 10 and then pay for shipping and handling and then the other 190 or whatever you don't use, we'll distribute on your behalf. The code is good for a year. All right? So, give as many as you want away. They're good for a year. On top of that, just to be clear, it's a 100% dollar for-doll tax deduction for businesses. All right? So, if you donate books, it's a tax deduction. On top of that, like worst case scenario, you get the tax deduction. You can sell the darn books if you want to. At the end of the day, as long as you put it in entrepreneurs hands, I'm good with it. All right. So, these books, uh, you could sell them and then just keep all the bonuses, right? >> 10 minutes. >> All right. On top of that, um, you can give these away as a lead magnet if you wanted to to get new customers, to join a community, to show up for sales calls, to, uh, leave reviews for the business. You can give it as a gift. All of these things um, you can do. And also, you can just feel good about helping two other 
[418:06] 200 entrepreneurs out. All right. So, lead system, sales system, delivery system, uh, profit system, HQ, AAI, HQ for implementation workshop, and tickets for as many people as you want on your team. And the launch blackbook now disappears in how much time? >> 90 seconds. >> Got 90 seconds. So, if you want to do it, now's the time. Now's the time to do it. And, um, Oh, yeah. There's a firm for anybody who's in the US and and and qualifies. It's $249 a month interest free if you if you qualify. So, >> yeah. Go ahead. And if if they don't buy any of that, when do they get all their free stuff? >> Free stuff for all the stuff I talked about earlier. The free stuff is uh Tuesday. All right. So, you get all the free stuff on Tuesday. If you choose to grab grab books as a small little perk, my way of saying thank you, you get access to free stuff now. All right? So, go grab them. Go donate some books. Go help another entrepreneur out. Let's expand this uh this record so that no no politician can crack it. >> Make it undeniable. >> Undeniable, baby. >> It's not about beating the record anymore. about making it so surpassing 
[419:07] it so much that >> no doubt leave no doubt. >> All right, so go.acq.com. We got 42 seconds. Honestly, you guys are awesome. Thank you guys so much for spending the day with us. Um this is we're going to like we're going to keep the party going. So, we're still going to be here. Um but you guys are amazing and um yeah, I just don't know how to say that again. You guys are amazing. >> Appreciate you guys. >> Yeah, appreciate you. >> 15 seconds. Last shot. go.acq.com. All this free. The launch bonus disappears in fif 15 seconds. All right. Launch disappears in 15 seconds. Go grab it. >> 10. What is it? 7 6 5 4 3 2 1. >> Appreciate you guys. Thank you so much. [Applause] 