{"id": "xy1h4qqF778", "title": "The \"Assumed Close\": How to Close Deals Without Resistance", "uploadDate": "2021-01-05T08:30:08-08:00", "duration": 420, "views": 58075, "uploader": "Alex Hormozi", "uploaderUrl": "/channel/UCUyDOdBWhC1MCxEjC46d-zw", "description": "Get your free personalized $100M scaling roadmap: <a href=\"https://www.acquisition.com/roadmap\">https://www.acquisition.com/roadmap</a><br><br>If you’re new to my channel, my name is Alex Hormozi. I’m the founder and managing partner of Acquisition.com. It’s a family office, which is just a formal way of saying we invest our own money into companies. Our 10 portfolio companies bring in over $250,000,000+ per year. Our ownership stake varies between 20% and 100% of them. Given this is a YT channel, and anyone can claim anything, I’ll give you some stuff you can google to verify below.<br><br>How I got here…<br><br>21: Graduated Vanderbilt in 3 years Magna Cum Laude, and took a fancy consulting job.<br>23 yrs old: Left my fancy consulting job to start a business (a gym).<br>24 yrs old: Opened 5 gym locations.<br>26 yrs old: Closed down 6th gym. Lost everything. <br>26 yrs old: Got back to launching gyms (launched 33). Then, lost everything for a 2nd time. <br>26 yrs old: In desperation, started licensing model as a hail mary. It worked. <br>27 yrs old: &quot;Gym Launch&quot; does $3M profit the next 6 months. Then $17M profit next 12 months.<br>28 yrs old: Started Prestige Labs. $20M the first year. &nbsp;<br>29 yrs old: Launched ALAN, a software company for agencies to work leads for customers. Scaled to $1.7mmo within 6 months. <br>31 yrs old: Sold 75% of UseAlan to a strategic buyer in an all stock deal. <br>31 yrs old: Sold 66% of Gym Launch &amp; Prestige Labs at $46.2M va"}

[0:00] So, when I was at my own gym back in the day, probably eight years ago, um I was really struggling, right? And I was traveling to come back home or something. And during a layover, I saw this guy that I used to go to college with and he uh he was I didn't think this guy was like that much smarter than me and like definitely didn't like I was in some classes. I was like, I don't think this guy is that bright. And he sits down next to me and he says uh he's like, "Oh, how's how's your gym? I heard you got a gym." And I was like, "Oh, you know, it's going well." I was like trying to be cool. And he's like, "Yeah, I've got this supplement store." Um, and I was like, "Oh, that's awesome." He's like, "Well, I've got two locations now." I was like, "Oh, well, fancy you." Um, and I said, "Well, what do you guys do like a month?" He says, "I don't know. We do like 70 80,000 a month." And I was like, "In supplements?" He was like, "Yeah." And at that moment, it was like my mind broke. I was like, "If this guy can do this, I'm going to find a way." Like, I was like, "I've got this whole gym full of people and I don't sell them supplements." And so when I came back, I was like 100% committed to selling supplements. I was like, I'm going to figure out how to do 
[1:00] this. And every single client that would walk into my facility after I would sell them our service package, I was like, "Hey, buy these supplements." Right? Uh and they were like, "No, uh I'm not going to." And uh it felt horrible. And I literally just again and again and again, I just kept getting beat up. And I had bought all this inventory after I talked to that guy. And so this cash is just sitting on my shelf. And I was like, "I have to find a way to move this stuff." And so one day I think I had 15 or 20 consultations. So I I had sold a bunch of people into a new program that was starting and I was doing all the one-on-one orientations and I was probably like 15 orientations deep and I just had no after no after no after no. And finally I was sitting down and this nice lady walked in and she had like a nice ring and a nice purse and I was like, "Okay, if I don't sell this woman, I'm going to kill myself." And so and she was like super upbeat and anybody who's ever done sales like you know when you see that person you're like I'm definitely closing this one. like I I have to close this one. Like this is how I pay my bills. And so she sits down and I remember getting to the end of the presentation and I just said instead of 
[2:01] my normal pitch around like hypertrophy and maintaining lean body mass and just a whole bunch of jargon that she would never even understand. I said, "Hey, uh so with the program, I was like, "Do you want to do uh you want chocolate or vanilla for your protein?" And she was like, "Which one do you like?" I was like, "Chocolate." She was like, "All right, I'll take one of those." And I was like, I didn't want to scare her away. So, I was like, uh, I've got, uh, for the the pre-workout, do you want to do kiwi or strawberry? I I like the kiwi. She was like, okay, I'll do that one. And I didn't want to sell anymore because I was afraid that she would somehow back out. And so, and I didn't want her to like make any other purchasing decisions, so I said, "Do you want to just use the card you have on file?" And she was like, "Yeah, that's fine." And then I took these off the shelf and I and I slid them over to her and she grabbed them and she smiled and she walked out of the facility and I made my first supplement sale and I was like, "Holy shit." I didn't even talk at all about what these even did or how to take 
[3:02] them or what the benefits were. I just simply asked her which one she wanted. And the key was I didn't ask her whether she wanted them. I asked her which one she wanted. And as soon as I realized that, that is when I was introduced to the assumed close. All right? It is one of the strongest upsells in all of business. All right? Like, I can't tell you whenever whenever I hear someone, if there's ever a sales process that generates tons and tons of traffic and they're closing anywhere in the 80% plus range, I usually know that it's an upsell. All right? And the beauty of an assumed close is that the prospect is choosing between two options that both are buying from you rather than whether or not they're going to purchase. And so the beauty is if you can construct your conversations in a way that makes the sales seamless and make it assumed that they're going to have this extra thing with your program, you can immediately upsell a big big big percentage of customers. Whereas maybe normally you might close one out of three or one out of four or if you're really good, one 
[4:03] out of two of customers who walk in the door. with an assumed close as an upsell, you can sell nine out of 10, nine and a half out of ten of the people that you sit in front of and you can close them at higher tickets at higher percentages. And part of the reason is because in an upsell opportunity, you're selling to a customer who already knows and trusts you, right? And if you pair the fact that they already know and trust you with the fact that you already have a purchase that's already happened, you have their their information on file and then you simply present them with an eitheror option that both include buying, you will typically get a huge percentage to take that option. And so um this this assumed closed rapidly transformed my business. I ended up making just as much if not more from the supplement sales in profit than I did from my actual facility. Uh it became a staple in all the locations that I had. I was able to cover all of my advertising expense simply from the upsells. And so that took all of what used to be my service revenue and just turn that into profit because I could cover all my acquisition costs simply with the upsells. Um I taught this to all of the facilities that we had and they ultimately use that for uh selling 
[5:05] Prestige Labs, which is the brand of supplements that we have that pays really really high margins for gyms. Um, and so that single experience where that lady, bless her soul, just said yes to the either or option is what significantly changed a huge part of my life. And so anyways, I hope uh you take something from that. I hope there's there's something you can look in terms of your sales process, in terms of something you could upsell. It doesn't have to be a product. It can be a service. Um, it could be, you know, it can obviously be any kind of retail stuff. Physical products is really easy because you already sold service. a next that you want to think about what's the next natural thing that they're going to want to need or or want or going to have to normally buy on their journey. And if you're like, I don't know how to find something like that, you just simply look at what the normal things that a normal that a customer will buy in addition to your services as a result of the decision. You know, fitness is an easy one. People will go buy clothing, uh fitness clothes, they buy shoes, they might buy some at home stuff, they might start downloading some apps, they might get different groceries. Uh so that's food or food prepping, food prep materials, a crockpot, like all of those things are things that be accompanied, then obviously supplements. And so a lot 
[6:06] of times when a consumer makes a decision to work with you on a service side, there's other additional purchases they're going to make. And if you can if you can if you can predict what those are, which you should know, and weave those into your sales process as an eitheror decision, you will usually get a very big percentage to uptake. And a lot of times those upsells can be all profit for you and even offset the entire cost of acquisition of getting a new customer. So, I can't even stress how how impactful this was on my life. And so, anyways, hope you found that valuable. Hope that was cool. Um, if you like this stuff, you know, like, subscribe, all that kind of jazz. Um, and I think I've got some trainings that you can go through for free and go click do that. And, uh, catch you soon. [Music] [Music] [Applause] 